ANTHONY BOURDAIN, HOST:  Where does falafel come from?  Who makes the best hummus?  Is it a fence or a wall?   By the end of this hour, I'll be seen by many as a terrorist sympathizer, a Zionist tool, a self-hating Jew, an apologist for American imperialism, an Orientalist, socialist, a fascist, CIA agent, and worse.   So here goes nothing.   (MUSIC) I was raised without religion.  One side of the family long ago, Catholic.  I think.  The other side, Jewish.  I've never been in a synagogue.  I don't believe in a higher power.  But that doesn't make me any less Jewish, I don't think.   These guys sandbagging me at the wailing wall, they don't seem to think so either.   Only half.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Jewish?   BOURDAIN:  Yes.  So that makes me (INAUDIBLE).   (SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  You writer?   BOURDAIN:  I'm a writer, yes.   (SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Mazel tov.   BOURDAIN:  Mazel tov.  Thank you, gentlemen.   I've never felt so much like I'm masquerading as something I'm not.  I am instinctively hostile to any kind of devotion.  Certainty is my enemy.  You know, I'm all about doubt, questioning one's self and the nature of reality.  Constantly.   When they grabbed hold of me and in a totally nonjudgmental way essentially, you know, God's happy to have you, you know, here you go. Oh, man.  You know.  My treachery is complete.  Just because I was raised outside the faith with no particular  attachment or loyalty to Israel doesn't mean that plenty of people on this earth don't hate me in principle.  I know that.  But the state of Israel, I never really knew what to think.   First look around, it's like everybody says -- it's pretty.  It's awesome.  It's urban.  Sophisticated.  Hip.  Like Southern California. Only nicer.  Then you see the young draftees in the streets and you start to get the idea.   This is Jerusalem.   YOTAM OTTOLENGHI, CHEF/AUTHOR:  I'm taking you through Damascus Gate, which is one of the gates to the old city.  And these walls are pretty ancient.  People say that the gates go back to King David.  And then as history progressed, they built up the wall.  So the top bed is the newest.   BOURDAIN:  And by newest you mean --   OTTOLENGHI:  I mean, up to about the Ottoman time which -- the Turks left here about 150 years ago.  And the Brits came and they conquered us.  I wasn't here.   BOURDAIN:  Born here, now cooking in London, Yotam Ottolenghi is the widely known respected chef and co-author of the book "Jerusalem."   OTTOLENGHI:  Basically, this city was divided into two until 1967 when there was the famous Six-Day War.   BOURDAIN:  Yes.   OTTOLENGHI:  And the hall of the -- we're traveling in now, walking in, is east Jerusalem.  It's the Palestinian part.  And that was up until '67 was belonged to Jordan.  So now it's under Israeli control. Very controversial because for the Jews, for the Israelis, the city has been unified.  But obviously for the Palestinian, they are under occupation, as far as they are concerned.   We just have to go for a falafel because it's so much part of the culture here.  And again, contentious because, you know, Jews or Israelis make falafel their own and everybody in the world thinks falafel is -- you know, an Israeli food.  The actual fact it's (INAUDIBLE) food even more so, because, you know, it's been done for generations here.   And here, you get falafel that's just been fried.  You don't get it any other way.  When I come to a place like that, and I see there's a few left from the previous customer, I don't take that.  I want them to fry them for me.  That makes all the difference in the world.   BOURDAIN:  It's a whole different animal, isn't it?  So is there a historically provable answer to who invented it?   OTTOLENGHI:  Who made it first.  The one thing that's very clear that -- in this part of the world, Palestine, Lebanon, Syria, it's been cooked for many, many, many generations.  On the other hand, you get like Jews from Yemen coming here --   (CROSSTALK) BOURDAIN:  Right.  So they can say hey, my great uncle was in Syria at the time.  Hey, I remember distinctly --   OTTOLENGHI:  So there is actually no answer to it.  But the question of food appropriation.   BOURDAIN:  Right.   OTTOLENGHI:  Or who owns the food (INAUDIBLE).  If you can go on arguing about it forever.   The old city is divided into four quarters.  There is Muslim quarter. There is a Jewish quarter.  There is a Christian quarter.  And there's an Armenian quarter.  Each one functions independently, but people that live in the certain area are all from that religion.   BOURDAIN:  Right.   OTTOLENGHI:  So here you see these Israeli flags over this house.  So basically Jews have bought this house, although it's in the Muslim quarter.  And that's very controversial because it breaks the separation that people would normally expect in this city.   Now we're walking in the steps of Jesus Christ, right?   BOURDAIN:  As I so often do.   (LAUGHTER) OTTOLENGHI:  So this is Via Dolorosa, which is the last trip Jesus did before he was crucified.  So people feel very emotional.  They come here and they feel like oh, my god, I am walking in the steps of Muhammad, David, or Jesus.   BOURDAIN:  It's like Jesus was here.  I feel like I should be more something.   OTTOLENGHI:  A little bit more pious?   BOURDAIN:  A little bit.  Well, it's too late for me.   Great.  You get your own crown of thorns?   OTTOLENGHI:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  In answer to the question, what would Jesus wear?   OTTOLENGHI:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  Oh no, no, no.  That's just wrong.   (LAUGHTER) (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  Israel is bordered by Egypt, Jordan, Syria, and Lebanon. In 1967, after the Six-Day War, Israel took control of the Gaza Strip, the Sinai Peninsula, the West Bank, the Golan Heights, and then next east Jerusalem.   In 2003, Israel began construction on a wall along the green line representing the Israeli-Palestinian border.  The wall now stretches 450 miles.  When completed, it will span 700 miles.  Eighty-five percent of it in Palestinian territory.  On one hand, there's no doubt that the number of suicide bombings fell drastically.   On the other, there's this.  You cross from Jerusalem into the West Bank.  Also called Judea, Samaria, also called Palestine.   Since 1967, half a million settlers have moved here, all in contravention of international law.  Many in contravention of Israeli law, though in effect, it seems to make little difference.  They're here and in ever-larger numbers.   This is Nolan (ph), one of our drivers from Tel Aviv, who I asked about the graffiti on this house near the settlements.   So what is price tagging?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Something happens in a settlement or some attack with Jews, kids from the settlement would come and have a price tag for every activity.  So they come to a Palestinian village like this, they will destroy cars, they will write on walls like this.  It says, "Against Arabs, the state of Israel is alive, and death to the Arabs."  BOURDAIN:  Intimidating.  I mean, you put two targets on my house, I'm moving.   This is Eli, a settlement with a population of over 3,000, relatively isolated from the rest of Israel.  Amiad Cohen is the chief executive of the Eli settlement and its former head of security.   AMIAD COHEN, CHIEF EXECUTIVE, ELI SETTLEMENT:  Here you see from up above most of our town.  You see the Palestinian villages all around.   BOURDAIN:  It's an unusual situation.  A lot of your neighbors would very much like you to not be here.   COHEN:  I know most of them.  And most of them, they are happy that we're here.  Because we -- actually we gave them prosperity for the past 45 years.  And wherever the PLO came, they lost it.   BOURDAIN:  I'm guessing a lot of people would disagree with that statement.   COHEN:  High tech security, radars and cameras.   BOURDAIN:  So from the high ground, you can see anybody walking at night.  You could see from pretty far out.   COHEN:  Definitely.   BOURDAIN:  Could you identify them after the fact?   COHEN:  Depends.  What we have are protocols that we work with.  And we had our successes.   BOURDAIN:  We drive to Ma'ale Levona, another settlement a few miles away.  Hot, sun-bleached, suburban feeling.  Behind its ring of electronic surveillance, censors and security, everything they feel they need.  A school, public transportation, and a petting zoo.   Amichai Luria has lived here for 23 years.  He's a wine maker and amateur cook.   Wow.  You're not kidding around.   AMICHAI LURIA, WINE MAKER AND COOK:  The salmon is marinated with pomegranate juice that -- on the season, I squeeze pomegranates.  And I freeze the juice so I'll have it all year round.   BOURDAIN:  Where were you before here?   LURIA:  I was born in Pennsylvania.   BOURDAIN:  So your parents brought you over at age 4?   LURIA:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  (INAUDIBLE) kids living in the relative comfort and familiarity of Pennsylvania.  Heading off to what must have, at least in part of their mind, would seem an uncertain.   LURIA:  Yes.  It was very difficult for them.  Almost all Jews say next year in Jerusalem.  It's part of prayers that we say all the time.   BOURDAIN:  If I'm understanding it correctly, you're -- the bible, it's all right there.  It all happened here.  That's sort of a nonnegotiable position.   LURIA:  You see prophesies coming true.  Things coming to life again. You know, mountains that nobody wanted to live on, nobody dared to -- for thousands of years, nobody wanted this place.  You know.  And then finally, we come here and everything is flourishing again.  It makes you feel good, you know?   BOURDAIN:  You've been here since '90.  You look over the edge there, there's an Arab village right --   LURIA:  Yes.  There is one that you can see from here.   BOURDAIN:  At any point during that time, you ever go to anybody's house, sit down and eat?   LURIA:  Not there, but in other villages.   BOURDAIN:  Ever sat down at a Muslim table?   LURIA:  Muslim table --   BOURDAIN:  You host and everybody else --   LURIA:  Coffee.   BOURDAIN:  But not there.   LURIA:  No, because I don't -- as a religious Jew, I eat only kosher. So they respect that.  So they don't offer me.   BOURDAIN:  So I've got to ask you about something that troubled me. Coming up, the first house before you come up the drive to this village, the graffiti on the front --   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  The targets spray painted on.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  Whodunit?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Villains.  Bad people.   BOURDAIN:  Kids?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I don't know.  Apparently kids.  When we educate kids, kids are not able to understand complicated things.  They see the world in black and white.  When you get older, you're able to see the gray.  And when someone hits you --   BOURDAIN:  I understand why kids would do it.  Given what you told me earlier, identifying the perpetrators within the realm of possibility?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  They're young people.   BOURDAIN:  Why not paint it over?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Good question.  I don't know.  Maybe we should. You're right.   BOURDAIN:  Elsewhere in the West Bank, just outside of Ramallah, meet Betty Saadeh and Mona Ennab.  Two members of a group of women who call themselves the Speed Sisters.  The first all-female Palestinian racing team.   BETTY SAADEH, SPEED SISTERS RACING TEAM:  Hi.   BOURDAIN:  Hi.  I'm Tony.  Good to meet you.   SAADEH:  When I'm riding a car, I'm the happiest girl ever.  Racing, it's in my blood.  Here in Palestine, it's very small.  There's no roads.  So when I drive, I speed.  I feel free.   BOURDAIN:  Do you find that people underestimated you at first?   SAADEH:  At the beginning, they could maybe make fun of us.  But when we got good scores, we win respect.   BOURDAIN:  Now they know.   SAADEH:  Yes.  Well, a car doesn't know if you're a woman or a man.   BOURDAIN:  Yes.   SAADEH:  A lot of girls want to join us as Speed Sisters.  But some of their families, they are very reserved.  Their don't like their daughters to be between men racing.  You know.  Palestine is a very reserved society.   BOURDAIN:  So are things getting better?  Staying the same, or worse?   SAADEH:  You never know what's going to happen in Palestine.  One day it's good and the other day it's just -- you never know.  It's a crazy country.   BOURDAIN:  The local police would prefer them off the streets for obvious reasons.  But the track here, such as it is, has its drawbacks.  It's basically a parking lot across from the Ofer Detention Center.   What do they think about this next door?  Do they ever give you problems?   SAADEH:  This is an Israeli jail.  It's called Ofer.  One time we were here with Speed Sisters and there was problems because of the prisoners.  So I just stopped my car over there and I was walking.  I wanted to see what's going on.  And the Israeli soldiers, they came running at me and they start shooting at me.  And I got -- I got shot in the back.  It was a tear gas.   BOURDAIN:  The canister hit you.   SAADEH:  Yes.  So my Speed Sisters, they took me to the hospital.  I fainted.   BOURDAIN:  Have you thought of challenging the Israelis to put up a team?   SAADEH:  I can't race because my car is Palestinian.   BOURDAIN:  What if they come over here?   SAADEH:  They're not allowed to enter the West Bank and we're not allowed to go to Jerusalem, so how can we race together?    BOURDAIN:  OK.  Silly question.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  It's right there for all to see.  And it feels like something out of a science fiction film.  This is the wall.  From the other side, from inside this place, for instance, the Aida Refugee Camp in the district of Bethlehem, it doesn't feel like anything other than what it is.  A prison.   Abed Abusrour is the founder of the Al Rowwad Children's Theatre Center.   ABED ABUSROUR, FOUNDER, AL ROWWAD CHILDREN'S THEATRE CENTER:  So we are at the north entrance of Bethlehem, and heading to Aida Refugee Camp.   BOURDAIN:  So this has been here since 1950.   ABUSROUR:  Yes.  It started with tents.  People were under the tents for about seven years.  And later on the U.N. saw that it was not temporary as it was supposed to be so they started building what they call shelters.   BOURDAIN:  First impressions of the camp, there's a remarkable number of kids.   ABUSROUR:  Now it's about 6,000 people.  And the two-thirds are under 18 years old.  So it's a very young population.  Unfortunately, with the continuing degradation of political and economic situation, we are in the situation where we have no playgrounds or (INAUDIBLE) spaces anymore.   BOURDAIN:  Children play in the streets beneath walls covered in images of martyrs, plane hijackers, political prisoners.   Six thousand people, of that number, 66 percent are under the age of 18.   ABUSROUR:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  I don't care where that is in the world, that's pretty much a recipe for unruly behavior, I think would be the best.   ABUSROUR:  Well, yes.  Especially when you don't have any possibilities to evacuate the anger and the stress in a creative way. So after I finished my studies, I came back here and I started using theatre as one of the most amazing, powerful, civilized and nonviolent means to express yourself.  To tell your story.  To be truthful.   And this is for me the remedy to build peace within.  And hopefully help them to think that they can grow up and change the world and create miracles.  Without the need to carry a gun and (INAUDIBLE) and explode themselves or burn themselves.  But to stay alive.   BOURDAIN:  Abed takes me to the camp's martyrs quarter to be fed by (INAUDIBLE).  She runs a women's collective offering Palestinian cooking classes, helping her provide for six children, one of whom is disabled.   In America, kids grow up with pop stars, sports players.   ABUSROUR:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  Never a politician.  I mean, it's unthinkable for a child to look up to a politician or to look up to a military figure.  Sports or entertainment.   ABUSROUR:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  Here, kids 4 or 5 years old every day, they're looking at somebody who, you know, brought down a plane.   ABUSROUR:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  I'm not questioning why that is.   ABUSROUR:  I know.  No.   BOURDAIN:  Do you think it's helpful?   ABUSROUR:  Well, I guess we have a history.  We are people who are under occupation.  People honor their heroes.  And their heroes are those who resist the occupation.  Whether they resisted it with armed struggle or non-violence.   And to tell you the truth, sometimes I have been invited with some political parties, when they put images of people who are killed in their own houses.  Ahmed's sister, in the 29th of October, 2001, she was killed in her kitchen by a sniper from the Intercontinental Hotel. But when these political parties take this woman and want to make a montage of photos with her carrying a gun to say this is the hero proliferated the Palestine, sorry, this is not the truth.   This woman was killed in her house.  We will go today and ask the Palestinians who is the great hero?  You ask these kids, who will they recognize?  They will recognize a young man from Gaza who is on "Arab Idol" named Mohamed Assa, a singer, who sings.  He becomes more famous than Abu Mazen and Arafat and everybody else.   This is another image of Palestine.   BOURDAIN:  You can almost believe for a minute or two that some kind of peace, some kind of reconciliation, meeting of the minds, sanity is possible after you visit Majda.  It's a restaurant in what looks like an idyllic village in the Judean Hills, about 20 minutes from Jerusalem.  It feels like an alternate universe for a number of reasons.   Michal Baranes is Jewish.  Yaakov Barhum is Muslim, from a nearby village.  They're partners, co-owners of Majda, and also married. They're unsurprisingly friends of Yotam.  Together they grow and raise much of what's used in their kitchen.  Their food reflects both their different backgrounds and their commonalities.   OTTOLENGHI:  We're going to spoil you now.   BOURDAIN:  Yes, here we go.  So you grew up in this town.   YAAKOV BARHUM, OWNER, MAJDA RESTAURANT:  Yes, in this village.   BOURDAIN:  Where did you grow up?   MICHAL BARANES, OWNER, MAJDA RESTAURANT:  Near the beach.   BOURDAIN:  Near the beach.   BARANES:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  Not the neighborhood.   (LAUGHTER) BARHUM:  But we met in the neighborhood.  In Kibutzka (INAUDIBLE). And then we worked together in hotel.   BOURDAIN:  How did that go down the families?   BARHUM:  Wonderful now.  Now wonderful.   BOURDAIN:  Now good.  In the beginning, not so much.   BARHUM:  Started with a, you know, with all those questions. Understand that we love each other and they can do nothing, so we continue and they support us.   OTTOLENGHI:  This is your special fried eggs.  Sunny side up.   BOURDAIN:  Farm eggs with peppers from your garden.  Tomato.  That looks awesome beyond words.  It is incredibly beautiful here.  I don't know why I didn't expect that.   BARANES:  You know, a lot of people come and say it's like Provence, it's like Italy.  And I said, no, (INAUDIBLE).   OTTOLENGHI:  You like it?   BOURDAIN:  I do.  Roasted tomatoes, okra.   OTTOLENGHI:  Onion and mint.  And that's all they do.  What they do a lot here is char the hell out of it.  So it's like this, really smoky just from being in the pan on very high heat.   BOURDAIN:  So generally speaking, who lives in this area?  Mostly Arab -- ethnically Arab in this part of town?   (CROSSTALK) OTTOLENGHI:  Michael is the only Jewish in the village.   BOURDAIN:  And this --   OTTOLENGHI:  Zucchini that's been grilled.  And then we use the fried yogurt, so that's the sauce.  So it's like that intense kind of go-to flavor.  Very typical for Palestinian cooking.  Right?   BARANES:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  Yes.  It's good.   I just had this incredibly delicious meal completely oblivious to the fact that it's entirely vegetarian.  If any of the vegetarian restaurants in New York served food that tasted anywhere near this, I would be -- I would actually go there.  I'd consider it.   (LAUGHTER) And this?   BARANES:  Fried zucchini with mint.   OTTOLENGHI:  And the apricots.  The little sweet apricots we had.   BOURDAIN:  It's really intensely delicious.   Are you hopeful?   BARANES:  Of course.  I have my children.  I need to say that.   BARHUM:  I respect her religion.  She respects my religion.  And together we can build something for our kids.  Our future.  That's what we think and that's what we give the message for our customers.   OTTOLENGHI:  Part of the attraction of this restaurant, the fact that it actually manages to do what not so many chefs try to do here, and that is sort of mix your Jewish ethnicity or background with Arab foods.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  Getting in and out of Gaza from Israel is truly one of the most surreal travel experiences you could have on earth.  Over 1.5 million people live in Gaza.  Most of them considered refugees. Meaning they're not from the place they're compelled to live now.  In most cases, they're either prohibited from or unable to leave.   Israel decides who comes and goes.  What gets in and what stays out. Apart from journalists, aid workers, emergency responders, very few people are allowed to cross into Gaza.  In 2005, the Israeli defense forces left the Gaza Strip and all Israeli settlers were removed.   Now inside Gaza, Hamas is in charge.  Considered a terrorist organization by both the United States and Israel, they got elected in 2006.   This is Laila Haddad, a native Gazan, journalist and author of "The Gaza Kitchen."   LAILA HADDAD, "THE GAZA KITCHEN" AUTHOR:  The catches are not as big as they used to be, and that's primarily because the fishermen can't go beyond three to six nautical miles.   BOURDAIN:  Could you envision what happens?  HADDAD:  They'll shoot at the fishermen, they'll spray cold water at  them, they'll destroy their boats, they'll cut their fishing nets, they'll detain them.  So it's obviously really risky business.  Nine nautical miles, that's where that deep sea channel is where you're going to get the really good catches.   Gaza is the last Palestinian area with access to the coast.  And that's really important to remember.  You know you have the West Bank just an hour away, but many of the Palestinians, they have never seen the sea, have never been to the sea.   BOURDAIN:  Right.   The (INAUDIBLE) family owns a small farm in the (INAUDIBLE) area of the eastern Gaza Strip.  (INAUDIBLE) Sultan and her husband are unusual in that they cook together.  This is not typical in this part of the world or in this culture.  They use their own fresh-killed chickens to make the Gazan classic Maqluba.  The traditional Palestinian dish comprised of layers of fried eggplant, tomato, potatoes, caramelized onions, and chicken sauteed then simmered in a broth with nutmeg, cinnamon, cardimum, and rice.   It's a big family.  Children, grandchildren, all living under the same roof, and it can get chaotic.   So let's talk about food and eat food because it's just (INAUDIBLE).   HADDAD:  Yes, yes, sure.   BOURDAIN:  Tell me, what do we have here?   HADDAD:  OK.  So this is called Maaluba or Maqluba.  Traditionally with lamb, in this case chicken.  They're very concerned that we're being very rude and we're not --   BOURDAIN:  Yes.  Please.   HADDAD:  We're not allowing the others to eat.  He's saying how can you be eating and you're letting everybody stand.   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  Wow.   HADDAD:  For me, being from Gaza, being a child of diaspara, I always thought food was a really interesting way to be able to tell the Palestinian story.  Being able to discover this lost history, this Palestinian past.  Plus, the food is really dang good.   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  Right.  That it is.   HADDAD:  And it was I think also important to be able to provide Palestinians an image of themselves that they recognize, a very humane image, because all they're seeing in the media, whether here or there, whether on Arabic channels or abroad, you know, is this kind of very caricatured images of gunned men and this kind of grim cinderblock landscape.   You're not entering into the private homes.  What does a kitchen look like, or what does, you know, a family you see here.   Yes.  Do you like it, she's asking?   BOURDAIN:  Absolutely delicious.  Really, really good.   HADDAD:  Yes?  She wants you to open a restaurant for her.   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  Keep cooking like this.  It's really delicious.   HADDAD:  Gaza has three distinctive culinary heritages.  Those who hail from villages that were either depopulated or destroyed in 1948. And they constitute about 75 percent to the population of Gaza.  And they kind of bring with them their own distinct cuisine.  That's very different from the cuisine of the city, Gaza City, which tends to use much more heat, much more chili peppers, from the cuisine of the coast, which is rich with seafood, of course, and a very sophisticated, very urbane cuisine.   BOURDAIN:  Whatever you think is still there.  Will -- in your lifetime, I guess the first question would be, in your lifetime, will you be able to visit Yahba?   HADDAD:  She says, you know, she hopes she can.  She also hopes she can go to Jerusalem as well.  So she's optimistic.  Yes.   (LAUGHTER) (CROSSTALK) BOURDAIN:  What --   HADDAD:  She's saying -- first she said you're not allowing us to. Then self-corrected and said the Israelis aren't allowing us.   BOURDAIN:  Go, go.   (SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE) HADDAD:  This is a normal tone of voice.  He's not upset, by the way. This is how we talk.  We yell.   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  What's he saying?   HADDAD:  He's saying, you know, give me a permit.  If they allow, of course I'll go.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  Laila's got something to show me.  A watermelon salad she discovered on her recent trip here that's really piqued her interest. So off we go.  I figured, this will take a minute.   We arrived at what looks like a pretty serious gathering.  This is a duwan, and we're soon joined by her Um Sultan's husband Abu.   HADDAD:  It's an area where kind of the elders gather to, you know, resolve community problems, to, you know, kind of advise.   BOURDAIN:  All these guys are originally from (INAUDIBLE), now part of Israel, so they're bound together by traditions and a way of life very different from here, where they've been relocated and lived since 1948.   Does he think he'll be able to go to his ancestral homeland in his lifetime, his children's lifetime?  What's his guess?   HADDAD:  Yes.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  We will return.   HADDAD:  Whether now we're 100 years.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Our Quran, our instrument, told us this.   HADDAD:  It's pre-ordained, yes.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  This enemy back me.  Please kill him.  And we understand that.  We hope.  Me, my son.  My daughter.   HADDAD:  So what they're making now is called (INAUDIBLE), is basically a baby watermelon, under ripe watermelon.  And this is kind of a specialty of southern Gaza generally but also Sinai.  It's usually something that's made specifically by men, as I was told here. So they begin, you can see over they're fire roasting the baby watermelons.  They cover them with aluminum foil.   In addition, they put them through a wire, kind of like, sort of rustic skewer.  And then yes, they just throw them in there.  And then the idea is that they take the pulp out, so that's what's going on. Yes, and then what they do while that's fire roasting is they knead an unleavened dough over there with whole-wheat, barley, plenty of really rich, extra virgin olive oil.  And then they throw that into the pit as well, or they dig a pit in the sand over there.  And that's fire based.   BOURDAIN:  Right in the coals?   HADDAD:  Yes.  And then they mix that all together.  So it's interesting.  Because right now, we're about, what, 35 minutes away from Gaza City.  Ask anyone in Gaza City if they've heard of this dish and --   BOURDAIN:  No.   (LAUGHTER) HADDAD:  No.  So you're an area as small as Gaza, you see this very wide variation.  They're going to clean it up.   BOURDAIN:  Many, if not most of these guys, are not too sympathetic to my country or my ethnicity, I'm guessing.  But there's that hospitality thing.  Anywhere you go in the Muslim world, it seems.  No matter what, you feed your guests and do your best to make them feel at home.   HADDAD:  We have to eat.  Maybe we should -- you're supposed to eat this with your hands.  Very good.  He's saying if you eat this, you shouldn't have another meal for three days.   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  Where does this dish come from?   HADDAD:  This is a dish that's native to southern Gaza, the Sinai, the -- sort of the Desert Bedouin areas.   BOURDAIN:  All the food I've had so far in Gaza has been very different than in anything else I've had in the Arab world.  Different flavor spectrum.   HADDAD:  Yes.  Totally.  It's kind of this -- its own little gastronomical bubble.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Why are you not using a spoon?   HADDAD:  You know, I find that the food has more flavor, I get a better sensory experience.  They have children, they like to eat with their hands.  He's saying God gave us hands to eat with, not spoons.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  One can be forgiven for thinking, when you see how similar they are, the two peoples, both of them cook with pride, eat with passion, love their kids, love the land in which they live or the land they dream of returning to, who live so close, who are locked in such an intimate, if deadly embrace, might somehow, some day, figure out how to live with each other.   But that would be very mushy thinking indeed.  Those things in the end probably don't count for much at all.   Gatan Galkowitz runs a restaurant just seven miles from the Gaza Strip.   You and your family have paid the worst imaginable price.   GATAN GALKOWITZ, GAZA STRIP RESTAURANT OWNER:  Yes.  My daughter was killed by a mortar sent by Hamas.   BOURDAIN:  In some Israeli towns and villages within close proximity of the Gaza Strip, bus stops double as bomb shelters, and air raid sirens warn of incoming missiles fired from less than a mile away. Rockets and mortar shells have been known to fall from the sky in these parts and no one understands the consequences more than this man.   You were not a fervent ideological Zionist.   GALKOWITZ:  No.   BOURDAIN:  You were not an orthodox Jew.   GALKOWITZ:  No.   BOURDAIN:  And yet here you are, at the spear point, right at the dip. Here's your restaurant.   GALKOWITZ:  This is a shelter.   BOURDAIN:  There is a shelter.  Here you are.   GALKOWITZ:  After the death of my daughter, I just start to talk, to whom?  To people who want to listen.  I know that my daughter was killed for no reason and I know that people on the other side have been killed for no reason.  Childrens, old people.  I have been a soldier in Gaza.  I saw very poor people.  I know there is interest in keeping this poor people.  You can go far, far, but the bottom line is, let's stop with the suffering.   BOURDAIN:  You know, I went to this settler community and I --   GALKOWITZ:  Nice people.   BOURDAIN:  And I said to you, you know, they were nice.  And you said, you said -- what did you say?  You said, they're all nice.   GALKOWITZ:  They are all nice.  I know, nice, very nice Palestinian people.   BOURDAIN:  They're all nice, but if you scratch, if you push, they all want -- but they'll all say, throw them in the sea.   GALKOWITZ:  Most of the people, they don't talk.  They are very upset. They are fed up.  And the same goes from the other side to us.  You have to find the right people on both village, also on the down, also on the up, and maybe they talk.  And I am sure that is possible.   BOURDAIN:  The opportunities to do that here are very, very, very limited, it seemed.   GALKOWITZ:  I agree.   BOURDAIN:  And I mean, one doesn't even have to speak metaphorically, because there is an actual wall.   GALKOWITZ:  There is a wall.   BOURDAIN:  Or a fence, depending on who you're talking to.  GALKOWITZ:  Fence or wall.  No, it's a big wall.  It's ugly.  It's  really ugly.  You can see it, it's not far away from here.   ANTHONY BOURDAIN, HOST:  We go up this beautiful mountain.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Incredible town.   BOURDAIN:  It goes back to the 12th century.   People try to jump the hill to the beautiful church to take the walk that Michael Corleone took.  Now and forever more it will be sort of the "Godfather" theme park where they're just playing the "Godfather" theme over and over.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  I think the most thoughtful Sicilians are disgusted by this.   BOURDAIN:  Imagine not waking up every day.   As one bus after another filled with Japanese tourists go up there, oh, look, Michael Corleone got married there.  Oh, it's so fantastic.   (MUSIC) It's one of the most beautiful places in Europe, a place whose roots are very much the roots of the town where I live, but somehow I've never been able to get it right.  To tell the story, any story of Sicily.  It's the biggest island in the Mediterranean.  Two main towns of Palermo and Catania on opposite sides.   I've done a show in Palermo before.  It was an epic goat rodeo, a failure of humiliating scale.  This time I was going to get it right.   There's the Sicily we know from films -- an evocative, deeply felt history that's not quite reality but cool anyway, right?  There's the simple fact of its location, tucked away under the boot of Italy, part of but not really part of that country.   Its own language, culture, its own history of Norman, Arab, Spanish, Roman, Turkish, Egyptian interlopers, all leaving their mark and their influence.   I grew up in New Jersey which was pretty much Sicily on the Hudson. The Italian-Americans next door weren't from Milan, I could tell you that much.  I guess what I'm telling you is I figured this will be easy.  Villa Monaci delle Terre Nere, a certified Agriturismo, meaning it's a hotel, restaurant and working farm that in this case produces olive oil.   How many acres of property do you have?   GUIDO ALESSANDRO, OWNER, VILLA MONACI DELLE TERRE NERE:  About 40 acres.  It's one of the oldest organic farm mountains.   BOURDAIN:  This is Guido, the proprietor.   Wow.  So that's where potatoes come from.   How freaking hard can it be to make an awesome show in Sicily?  Eat the nice food, drink the wine.  In an idyllic villa in the countryside, outside Catania.  How low-impact can it get?   So the plan was we go fishing.  We get some fresh octopus, maybe some cuttlefish, explore the bounties of the surrounding waters, all while working on our tans.  With a local chef, fishermen, man of the sea. He's experienced.  He knows where to get it good.   TURE:  You like the ocean?   BOURDAIN:  I love it.  How do you say it in Italian?   TURE:  Ricci.   BOURDAIN:  Ricci.  Yes.   TURE:  Ricci de mare.   BOURDAIN:  It's one of my favorite things to eat.   This is Turin, my host.   What else is out there?  Octopus?   TURE:  Octopus, now it's cuttlefish and I like -- I want to try to find some small apalone, we call it (INAUDIBLE).   BOURDAIN:  Nice.   TURE:  And there's the clams.  Here the water is still cold.  I think they will be really full.   BOURDAIN:  I'm thinking, really?  Are these prime fishing waters?  I don't know about this.  With all this boat traffic and all these people, so close to the action I can't see much of anything living down there.   TURE:  OK.  Let's anchor.  We anchor here.   BOURDAIN:  But I am famous for my optimism so I dutifully suited up for what was advertised as a three-hour cruise.  So I get in the water, and I'm paddling around.  And splash.  Suddenly there's a dead sea creature sinking slowly so the seabed in front of me.   Are they kidding me?  I'm thinking, can this be happening?  Splash, there's another one.  Another rigor mortis half-frozen freaking octopus but it goes on.  One dead cuttlefish, deceased octopus, frozen sea urchin after another, splash, splash, splash.  Each specimen drops among the rocks or along the sea floor, to be heroically discovered by Turin moments later and proudly shown off to camera, like I'm not actually watching as this confederate in the next boat over hurls them into the water one after another.   I'm no marine biologist, but I know dead octopus when I see one. Pretty sure they don't drop from the sky and then sink straight to the bottom.   TURE:  How many do we have?  Three?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.   TURE:  OK.  I tried to get some patate now and also small (INAUDIBLE) abalone.   BOURDAIN:  Strangely everyone pretends to believe the hideous sham unfolding before our eyes, doing their best to ignore the blindingly obvious.   TURE:  (INAUDIBLE).  Don't swim at it.   BOURDAIN:  Then they gave up and just dumped the whole bag of dead fish into the sea.  At this point I begin desperately looking for signs of life, hoping that one of them would stir, become revived. I'm frantically swimming around the bottom littered with dead things looking for one that's still twitching so can I hold it up to the camera and end this misery, but, no, my shame will be absolute.   For some reason I feel something snap, and I slide quickly into a spiral of near hysterical depression.   Is this what it's come to, I'm thinking, as another dead squid narrowly misses my head?  Almost a decade later back in the same country, and I'm still desperately staging fishing scenes, seeding the oceans with supermarket seafood, complicit in a shameful, shameful incident of fakery?   But there I was, bobbing listlessly in the water.  Dead sea life sinking to the bottom all around me.  You've got to be pretty immune to the world to not see some kind of obvious metaphor.   I've never had a nervous breakdown before, but I tell you from the bottom of my heart something fell apart down there, and it took a long, long time after the end of this damn episode to recover.   TURE:  (INAUDIBLE) longer, we don't need to boil.  We'll be ready without it.  (Speaking in foreign language).  I'm cleaning it.  Only the fish eat this part.   Who wants to eat this one?   BOURDAIN:  Raw clams, abalone and a heart-warming beet sea surrounded by a gaggle of curious and hungry kids.  It was at this point about the only positive way for Turin to redeem himself.   You'll notice, I'm not there.  I'm sitting in a nearby cafe pounding one Negrone after in a smoldering miserable rage.   Our evening meal will be at Ture's place, (INAUDIBLE), which is just up the hill in Turmina, but by the time dinner rolls around, I'm ripped to the -- did I mention it's my birthday?  I've had three hours of bobbing around on a pitching boat, a couple  more hours getting looped, two more hours lying on the sidewalk outside the restaurant while the crew hangs light so I'm gone, baby, gone.  I don't remember any of this.  Any of it.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  So how is your day today?   BOURDAIN:  It's good.  A nice boat trip.  A little swim.   I would be told later that a gentleman named Tomaso that joined me for dinner.  Also someone on the crew mentioned that his wife was present and that she didn't say much.  Presumable because this was not her preferred way to spend her birthday.   TURE:  Hi.   BOURDAIN:  Hi.   TURE:  Tony.  This is my passion.  I like to find that whole variety of olive and one of this is white.   BOURDAIN:  So that's the original?   TURE:  Yes, the original.  You don't find it anyplace else.   BOURDAIN:  Apparently there were these white olives harvested from some secret tree only Ture knows about.  Maybe it's next to his secret fishing hole.  There was great Sicilian wine apparently, and apparently I drank quite a lot of it.   There was bread and olive oil.  Abalone served raw in the shell, baby sardine called vionata (ph), also served raw with a splash of citrus and salt.   TURE:  And this is (INAUDIBLE), the baby sardine, totally raw without no match ingredients to taste better the fish.  Salud.   BOURDAIN:  Thank you.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  If you ask a Sicilian, right, say where you come from?  The correct answer should be I'm Italian.   BOURDAIN:  Right.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  No.  We say I'm Sicilian.   BOURDAIN:  Why?  Is Sicily, Italy?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  Should it be?   (LAUGHTER) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I don't know, but we used to have influence from Britains, Normans, Arab, Spanish, so basically we are a mix.  We're a blender.   BOURDAIN:  Oh, look, my octopus.  I remember personally catching that one.  It was a mighty struggle, too.  No, actually I don't.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.  The octopus.   BOURDAIN:  Really?  Beautiful little shrimp.  Very tender, the octopus, very nice.   And another traditional specialty.  I'm told they call this tuna tartar.  And cuttlefish, recognize you, my friend.  Now (INAUDIBLE) like this, how traditional is this to Sicily?   TURE:  I think from the part of the sea they almost eat a roll.   BOURDAIN:  Always?   TURE:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  But fisherman only, fishing communities only or in restaurants?  Always since long as you've been alive.  You go to a restaurant you see crudo like this?   TURE:  No.  I see crudo in the poor families.   BOURDAIN:  So it's not like this Japanese influence, but the Japanese sort of gave everybody permission to eat traditional foods, their own traditional foods.  What are the great mother Sicilian classic dishes?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  The anchovy.  Anchovy and parmegiana.   TURE:  Pasta colisarde (ph).   BOURDAIN:  OK, that's --   TURE:  I think this is -- for me --   BOURDAIN:  That's with the sardine.   TURE:  Yes.  But it's an explosion of flower, because at this plate -- there is Arab.  Born in the period when Sicily was very poor.   BOURDAIN:  This I like.  I even remember it.  Pasta (INAUDIBLE), actually a true Sicilian classic made with fennel, pine nuts, saffron and anchovy.  Served alongside some sardines that have been curing in chestnuts and salt for days, then lightly fried in oil.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  We have to use our hand.  We have to use our hand to eat the fish.   BOURDAIN:  No problem.   I must have slump back to bed somehow, collapsed in a sodden drunken heap of self-loathing.  I would ordinarily have turned on the porn challenge and maybe loaded up on prescription meds.  But there's no TV at the Agriturismo.  (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  I love the films "Godfather 1" and "Godfather 2" but they had nothing to do with any organized crime from reality.  They're opera.  Magnificent opera but basically a morality tale about loyalty and destroying the things you claim to love and want to protect.   Actual organized crime members generally speaking a bunch of spectacularly (ph) uneducated lazy ass sociopaths who have no problem stealing from their own harder working neighbors.  Here in Sicily they are interested and less glamorous than gambling and prostitution. They are and have and traditionally have been a gigantic parasitical organization, one that has now grown to be of mere equal size as its host.   Mary Taylor Simeti is originally from New York, but she's been living here in Palermo for half a century now.  She's a food writer and at one time a reformer for social justice which is a dicey thing to be here.   You've been here all this time?  Well, why?   MARY TAYLOR SIMETI, FOOD WRITER:  Well, I came for a year.  So it's going to be a year between college and graduate school.  I just finished college.  I met a man, and therein lies the why.  I married a Sicilian and have been here ever since.   BOURDAIN:  Piccolo Napoli is a restaurant like a lot of others around here except for the quality of its food.   Tell me about where are, first of all.   SIMETI:  OK.  The father and mother of the present owner opened this in 1951 when there was a wonderful photograph there on the wall of the opening day.  It started as really a tavern and has become a well- known and much appreciated restaurant now.  Now it's very straightforward Sicilian cooking at its best.   BOURDAIN:  We start with some typical things, the kind of things I deeply love, the kind of simple good things that make me happy. Panelli which is a fritter made from chickpeas, some caponata, a sweet and sour eggplant dish, kind of like ratatouille but more Arab in influence.  A plate of olives husband white wine produced from a small batch vineyard run by Mary and her husband.   This is a panelli?   SIMETI:  Panelli.  Chickpea flour probably comes in with the Arabs, maybe even earlier, because chickpeas have been around for a long time.   And this is the famous caponata.  About as Sicilian as it gets.   SIMETI:  Yes.  That's caponata canoli.  Internationally known Sicilian dishes.   BOURDAIN:  Yes.   This is what I've been waiting for.  This is what I wanted Sicily to be, something to soothe my shattered soul.  It doesn't take much, a bowl of good pasta.  In this case the famous spaghetti al nero di sepia, spaghetti and cuttlefish, also some (INAUDIBLE) pasta with swordfish, eggplant and tomatoes.  Oh, beautiful.  Perfect.  Perfect pasta.  Very happy with that.   SIMETI:  Good.  I know you've been looking forward to it so I'm glad it's good.  It's an expensive city for some things because the consumer is paying --   BOURDAIN:  More.   SIMETI:  More so that the store can afford to pay its extortion money. The big change that has happened is that up until the mid-'80s, the late '80s, there were a great many Sicilians who thought if they were honest and didn't have anything to do with the mafia, they could live without being affected by the mafia.  Apparently 80 percent of the businesses in Palermo and 70 percent in the rest of Italy that pay extortion.   BOURDAIN:  That's a lot.   SIMETI:  That's a lot.  That's a lot.   BOURDAIN:  But not everybody pays the bite.  A small but growing coalition of businesses have joined a group called Addio Pizzo (ph), a grassroots organization taking a stand against the mafia's traditional mere total control over the food chain, from farm to table.   I come out of the restaurant business in New York.  You got taxed with every laundry order every time they took your trash away.  It was built in to all your basic services.   SIMETI:  Here it's much more going around.  Christmas and Easter.   BOURDAIN:  A guy comes by.   SIMETI:  The guy comes by.  I mean, it's plain and simple extortion.   BOURDAIN:  Given that that's a pretty straightforward situation, some of these guys who banded together for Addio Pizzo, I mean, what happens, the guy shows up and says I'm not paying you.  What happens next?   SIMETI:  Well, apparently now the mafia has decided that it isn't worthwhile bothering with the people who belong to Addio Pizzo. There's so many others out there and why look for trouble.  How true it is, I don't know.   BOURDAIN:  Right.   SIMETI:  To belong to Addio Pizzo, you have to sign a pledge that you will not pay and that if you are approached, you will go to the police.  BOURDAIN:  Right.   SIMETI:  Then they send you to lawyers and to another organization which deals with the people who are actually having trouble.  It's incredibly complicated.  I mean, there are no easy answers.   BOURDAIN:  Right.   SIMETI:  What about big farm?  What about some of the things that are -- that are happening on a much more legitimate level?   BOURDAIN:  I mean, who is more destructive worldwide?  I mean, yes, you can make a very good argument.   SIMETI:  That's horrible.  I'm upset because I sound as if I'm making apologies for the mafia.  It's just I think what has happened, that having lived 50 years in Sicily, I'm much more skeptical than most Americans.   BOURDAIN:  Right.   SIMETI:  I don't know --   BOURDAIN:  I know what you're saying.  You're saying you're not so sure that a mafia-free Italy would be that much more functional?   SIMETI:  Absolutely.   BOURDAIN:  I'm not so sure.   SIMETI:  I'm not so sure at all.   (LAUGHTER) But I am constantly amused by the fact that 45 years ago, if I said to Americans, oh, I live in Sicily, how did a nice girl like you end up in a place like that?   BOURDAIN:  Really.   SIMETI:  Now it's oh, on a farm in Sicily, how romantic.  Oh, I envy you.  So perception of Sicily --   BOURDAIN:  It has changed.   SIMETI:  It has changed.  Enormously.   BOURDAIN:  In 2007 there were only 160 Addio Pizzo members, now over 800.  Pretty cool considering we're talking about a group who have demonstrated no regret or hesitation in killing judges, politicians, police, prosecutors.   Back to Catania, and when you're talking late-night dining options, you're talking one thing.  The enticing smell of smoke wafting through the streets, a smell that's enticingly equine.  I smell rainbow dash.   Anthony and Marco, a couple of Sicilians and aficionados of (INAUDIBLE).   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It's one of the older side, famous, you know, families of mafia, you know, that grows in crime organization here.   BOURDAIN:  Oh, right here?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  And now these things -- yes, yes, yes.  Nowadays seems to be like a bit more quiet because they are all getting arrested so they prefer to sell meat against drugs.   BOURDAIN:  So right over there you can bet on a horse?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  We can bet horses, yes.  People like to bet horse and you eat the one that lose.   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  Right.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  The loser goes on the fire.  That's not a nice thing, but, I mean, sometimes it happens for real.   BOURDAIN:  Cycle of life.  All right.  So why horse?  Where does this tradition come from?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Maybe also Egyptians, then we have Greeks, 750 years before Christ.  Then we have Romans.   BOURDAIN:  Because?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  We have to say that Sicilians are big bastards.   (CROSSTALK) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Of course, we're being conquered by everybody. Also our dialect.  There are many words that are understood by our people.  If I say, yes, Sicilian dialect word, maybe an Arab can understand me, an Italian no, because Italian language comes from Latin, something different.   We are Sicilians before Italians.   BOURDAIN:  Right.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Remember this.   BOURDAIN:  I'll never forget.   (LAUGHTER) Look at this side of the meat.  It's yellow, it's not white.  When it's yellow, it means that the horse has been breeded, eating fresh grass.   Perfecto.  OK.  Thanks.   BOURDAIN:  Prepare and go.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.  You like the faith?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It's good.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Do you like the taste?   BOURDAIN:  It's good.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It's a bit sweet.  You don't need nothing.  Horse meat.  Loved by quite everybody here, you know.  We can have also meat balls, Anthony, we can have a horse meat ball.   BOURDAIN:  As you wish.  Whatever.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  OK.   BOURDAIN:  Whatever, I'll try anything.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Some mix of different things, you know.  Bread, parmesan cheese, pecorino.   BOURDAIN:  Right.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Parsley, eggs, and, of course, horse.   BOURDAIN:  Horse.  It is very tasty.   Let's put it this way.  When my daughter asks me for a pony, I'm bringing her here, pointing at that grill and saying here is your pony.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  Parco delle Madonie is a national park and within that is this free range pig farm.  They breed these special heritage pigs here, the black boar of Nedbrodi.  A combination of wild Sicilian boar and domesticated swine thought to have been brought here from Spain long ago, this breed of pig is raising the profile of the pig here.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Smell of shit everywhere, huh?  Look, look, they're here now, the noise.  They will arrive.  Fantastica.   BOURDAIN:  But any good-tasting high-quality pig, the secret is largely what were they fed?  How did they live?  Were they happy?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I'm a hunter.  I've never seen so many in once. It's like I feel --   BOURDAIN:  You should be shooting something.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  A poorly fed pig who lived his life in squalor, stress and fear makes for bad pork.  This is why we should treat animals well, not just because that's the nice thing to do, but because it makes them provably more delicious.   Chestnuts, acorns, roots and stuff foraged from the hills, supplemented by some nice fattening grain during the winter months when wild food is less easy and less plentiful.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  They catch here the animal only with the traps.   BOURDAIN:  Right.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It's a shame that they don't let you shoot.   BOURDAIN:  I like pigs.  Not to hang out with, to eat.  I don't have a tattoo of a pig or anything, but I like them fine, and when given the opportunity to shoot one in the brain or see one shot in the brain so that I may suck on its entrails and other parts, I'm down.  That's what is called cheering me up from some manic depression.   Bang, and this pig is like Pauly, you won't see him no more.  Even with the brain dead, the heart still goes on beating, sort of like pick a Kardashian.  In the case, however, the last few beats of the heart are absolutely necessary to pump all that red, red carve in a bucket for Sanguinacco.  The salt helps keep it from coagulating prematurely.   There's a Kardashian joke there somewhere.  Kim gets ready for the big day.  It's date night at Khloe's house.  Real housewife gets ready for summer.  Grooming tips from Theresa Guidice.  I got a million of them. Let's hope Kanye never has to see this.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  We hang now.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Bye.   (CROSSTALK) BOURDAIN:  Then get to work.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  OK.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Very fast.   BOURDAIN:  All those good bits, the lungs, kidneys, they get cooked slowly in fat with garlic, chili pepper, a little wine.   Is the meat also the liver?  So it's interior with a little bit of fat?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  The interior with a little bit of the fat.   BOURDAIN:  It's a pork confit.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:   BOURDAIN:  Oh, that's pretty.   Meanwhile the intestinal casings get filled with blood and gently poached until creamy bloody delicious.  And a nice spread of homemade cured meats, local cheese and homemade wine.  Let the party begin.   So what do we have here?  Let's identify these products.  Capicolo.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Capicolo.  (CROSSTALK) BOURDAIN:  That's the Spanish --  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Prosciutto.  Yes.  Lardo.  BOURDAIN:  Lardo.  Pancetta.  Oh, that looks good.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  The cheese is local, it's provolone.  This is the ricotta and just cooked in the oven.   BOURDAIN:  The bread.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  The bread is from the ankle, and they have also salami and they have sausages.   BOURDAIN:  And this cheese?   (CROSSTALK) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Cannistrato.   BOURDAIN:  And what do you call that dish?   (CROSSTALK) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Just in the pan.   BOURDAIN:  Right.  Beautiful.   Oh, it's good.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Best moment of the day.   BOURDAIN:  Indeed.  Oh, yes.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  What did you think about?   BOURDAIN:  It's good.  For me the ricotta, it's really good.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I think it's a confused country, this place.  You discover Sicily, and I expect that that very few people know this is incredible, even the bread is the old lady that she made.   BOURDAIN:  You think of Sicily, you think of family, you think of food.  This is more like it.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  We'll stop here.   BOURDAIN:  Catania, the early morning market.  It's been going on for longer than America has as a country.  It's old, old Italia.   Do they know you here?  Do you shop here often?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  This is not Tomaso's first trip to the market by a long shot.  His mom is a regular.  She comes here almost every day.   Thanks.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  And this is the next stock market you can find here everything.  Each butcher, more likely they have their own specialty.  Fresh ingredients, you know.  You know, they --   BOURDAIN:  They do lamb?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes, they do lamb, sausage, the hamburger, the (INAUDIBLE).  This is (INAUDIBLE), at least six months old, at least. Over here.  This is the place where she buy the spices for her home, and the veggies.   BOURDAIN:  This is what the market is best known for, seafood.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  This one is one of the biggest sellers that we have in the fish market.  You can see also the variety.   BOURDAIN:  Yes.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  We consider the tuna like a pig.  We don't throw away anything.  See, this is typical.  You can find it here.   BOURDAIN:  Oh, those are the tiny, tiny little clams.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Right.  In Sicilians they're called (INAUDIBLE). You can see the shrimp are still alive.   BOURDAIN:  So I see sepia?  Baby --   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes, baby sardines.   BOURDAIN:  Swordfish.   I'm joining Tomaso for lunch today.  Mom's cooking, so we've got to do some shopping.   (CROSSTALK) BOURDAIN:  They look beautiful.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  The color is beautiful.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  So we'll go have some today, so shrimp.  And --   BOURDAIN:  And baby sardines.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Gracias.   BOURDAIN:  I'll tell you.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  What do you want to try?  The blood sausage?   BOURDAIN:  Saukernaut?  Just blood, no onion, no spice, nothing?  A little salt.  A little pepper.  You squeeze it?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  No, no, no.   BOURDAIN:  No, open.  Oh, man.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Interesting runner up.   BOURDAIN:  Oh, that's good.   Usually I don't like it plain, I like it in a sauce and spicy.  That's very tasty.  Looks like hell.  Tastes like heaven.  If you like this, you're Sicilian.   (LAUGHTER) UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Very, very.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  I don't have any grandparents.  My mom, I guess she cooks, but the last time she ever invited me for dinner was like 1972 so given that tragic, dysfunctional, too much information kind of history is it any mystery why I'm always on the lookout for grandma? Anybody's grandma will do.   Hell, I've been known to cruise rural state highways looking for hitch-hiking grannies to abduct so they'll cook for me.  And given my fragile emotional state it makes perfect sense that I'd dragoon Tomaso's mom into making me a nice lunch.  Is that heartwarming or like creepy and sad?   Hey.  It smells good in here.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Let's go open a wine.  All right.   BOURDAIN:  Cheers.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Cheers.   BOURDAIN:  Need any help chopping parsley?  Oh, perfect.   For lunch we've got the shrimp and sardines from earlier at the market, but first this.  Just grab one?  It's like Arancini but with hole owed out potatoes.  Filled with cheese, breaded and fried.   Delicious.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Basically when it finish the bread is ready and you fill it with all the cheese.   BOURDAIN:  Yes.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  And deep in and sealed the potatoes and then fried.   My mother cooks for everybody, even if it was midnight.  My parents (INAUDIBLE).   BOURDAIN:  Right.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  So when we have to share all together and they have a dinner, my mother is cooking for everybody.  Because the problem is when she cook, even if she know it's only for five people, she cooking for ten.   BOURDAIN:  Just in case.   This is Sicily, after all.  And this is the classic starter.  Also a bread and tomato salad.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Would you like to try something?   BOURDAIN:  That's old school.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Because of the bread.  We use bread that a harder. We usually do bread that is two days old.   BOURDAIN:  Right.  It's really good.  Really, really good.  That's Sicily right there.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Right.  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  Fresh shrimp sauteed in garlic, butter and herbs.   That every great and enlightened culture, when they are confronted with the shrimp or a prawn, fry away.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  That's the way you see if it's fresh or not.   BOURDAIN:  Yes.  So typical day, when you were 15 years old what did you eat for lunch?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Never missing a pasta for lunch.   BOURDAIN:  Pasta and meat --   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  Pasta and fish.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  And fish.  Of course something local.  Basically you have to go right behind the corner to find your products.  So whatever we could produce in Sicily, that's what we choose to buy.   BOURDAIN:  Watch this.  Zip the bone right out.  Out comes all the bone.  Who needs a knife?   Sardines filleted neatly, sauteed in garlic and oil.  A little red pepper.   That's a beautiful thing right there.  I'll tell you, another two hours here I'll be speaking Italian.  Well, speak Sicilian.  Yes, you have to eat it hot.  This is very nice.  If you don't like this, there's really no hope for you.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  If there's something that you don't like it.   BOURDAIN:  Everything is --   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Tell her.  Tell her because --   BOURDAIN:  So happy.  This is a delicious meal.  And to eat in this beautiful home with some really good home cooked food.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  My last night in Sicily.  And after this I'm going back to New York, crawling under my bed and adopting the fetal position for, like, six weeks.  I may look normal -- OK, I don't exactly.  But I'm not barking uncontrollably or running around shrieking with my pants wrapped around my head which is what my instincts are telling me I should be doing.   To me one of life's great joys is cheese.  No, I'm eating cheese. Which makes me happy.  Always.  And drinking wine.  Good wine.  And a hell of a lot of it.  And I'll just make it over the hump with any luck at all.   We have a mozzarella here, a (INAUDIBLE).   (CROSSTALK) BOURDAIN:  Ture joins me for a final meal along with Antonio, Guido and Guido's girlfriend Ara.   This is an Agriturismo.  This is not a concept that exists in America, but it is a concept that should exist.  OK, now please explain what it is.   ALESSANDRO:  Agriturismo is a hotel linked to the territory.  You have to use local product, local recipe.   BOURDAIN:  Penne, sun dried tomatoes, zucchini, all from the farm. Oh, man that looks good.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Wow.  Fantastic.   BOURDAIN:  Whoa, some nice rabbit, olive oil, also from the farm. More wine.  I might just make it.   This is called (INAUDIBLE).  It's bitter.  If you talk about Italy, it is the most interesting aspect of Italian cuisine.  I mean, that's just gastronomically but philosophically because it is a philosophical thing.  Life is too good.  I need a little bitterness to remind myself of the internal tragedy of our existence.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes, right.  The sweet and sour of the life.   BOURDAIN:  One final attempt before I go to extract something meaningful on what it means to be Sicilian.   What's wrong with these people in the north?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  People from the south are coming from these Greek culture where the philosopher while in the north came through and --   (CROSSTALK) BOURDAIN:  That's the meanest thing anyone can say.   ALESSANDRO:  And the last century, the three best writers in Italy are from Sicily.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Because they consider us a weight like problems.   BOURDAIN:  Right.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  But finally on summer, they all come here to make (INAUDIBLE).  It's a good thing for us, you know?   BOURDAIN:  In the end, it all comes back to the "Godfather."  We go up this beautiful mountain, this incredible town.  It goes back to the 12th century.  There are few places on earth more beautiful.  But we are sitting in one of the -- it was like a "Godfather" theme park.   Look, Michael Corleone got married there.  I want --   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  you know, we just look at these people with the "Godfather" T-shirt.   (CROSSTALK) ALESSANDRO:  And say oh, my god.  Why people get stuck on this, the "Godfather" movie because there is this big sense of (INAUDIBLE).    BOURDAIN:  Michael had many options.  He destroyed his family.  Then everybody, everything he touched.   ALESSANDRO:  In a way it's fair.   BOURDAIN:  It's fair?   ALESSANDRO:  A good movie, for sure.   BOURDAIN:  He didn't -- it up.  No.   ALESSANDRO:  No.  No.   ANDERSON COOPER, CNN ANCHOR:  I'm Anderson Cooper.  It's been three months since George Zimmerman was cleared of murder charges in the killing of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin and allowed to walk freely from the spotlight.  Instead he appears to be unable to escape that spotlight.  He's helped a family from an overturned car, been pulled over for speeding while carrying a gun, and is now involved in an ugly divorce played out before the public in a nasty confrontation caught on camera.   What emotions and circumstances have contributed to making him one of the most recognized men in America today?   David Mattingly puts it all in perspective in this investigation into the case and the trial that riveted a nation.   (BEGIN VIDEOTAPE) GEORGE ZIMMERMAN:  There's a real suspicion guy that looks like he's up to no good.   UNIDENTIFIED 911 OPERATOR:  911, do you need police, fire or medical?        (BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)       JOHN F. KENNEDY, 35TH PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:  Good evening, my fellow citizens.  This government, as promised, has maintained the closest surveillance of the Soviet military buildup on the island of Cuba.        ANTHONY BOURDAIN, HOST (voice-over):  This is the Cuba I grew up with.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Mankind, teeters precariously on the brink of a thermonuclear war.        BOURDAIN:  The missile crisis, duck and cover, hide under your desk, kids, cover yourselves with wet newspaper because we're all going to die.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  The flames of crisis burn far stronger, fed and fanned by the bitter tirades of Fidel Castro.        BOURDAIN:  And this guy, always in the fatigues, underlining with every appearance that we were two nations in a never-ending state of war.        BARACK OBAMA, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:  Today, the United States of America is changing its relationship with the people of Cuba.  We will begin to normalize relations between our two countries.       BOURDAIN (on camera):  Cuba has been sitting here for, what, 55 years now?  Half an hour away, basically giving the biggest superpower in the world the stiff middle finger.        (voice-over):  Fifty-plus years of animosity, embargo, rationing, and Fidel Castro is still hanging on.  But recently, there are powerful indications that everything is about to change.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  We are at Hymanita (ph), a little fishing town.  This place is called Casa Santione's (ph) by two brothers that go out and fish every morning, bring fresh seafood.        BOURDAIN (on camera):  OK, humble fishing village, traditional fishing family?       UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.        BOURDAIN:  What about the sushi?  What's going on in this country, man?       UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Things are changing, Anthony, what can I say?       My name is Hugo Canseo (ph).  I was born in Cuba.  I was in one of Cuba's most prominent schools when I made a joke about President Fidel Castro.  I was a teenager.  And the kid that slept on the bunk bed on top of me recorded our conversation.  And I was expelled from school.        My mom said the only choice it for us to leave Cuba.  I'm a businessman.  I've lived in Miami for 35 years.  It's my home base.  I come back and forth to Cuba.  I've been coming to Cuba for over 20 years.  I mean, Cuba is a communist country in economic transition.        Since Raul Castro has allowed Cubans to establish more businesses, there are people that are making money, there are people that have created a tremendous amount of wealth.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  People with family connections to the States, people tied to the exploding tourist industry, small business owners, taxi drivers, people operating in ever-changing gray areas of what is permissible.        (on camera):  How's it work right now?  If you're Cuban, you can sell your property...      UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  To another Cuban from Cuba.  And that's what's happening right now, a lot of Cuban-Americans, a lot of Cubans living abroad are now coming back and through relatives are buying property.        Obviously somebody has touched this building with some kind of investment.  It's renovated.  It seems to be like a hotel.  Somebody bought the building and turned it into a little hotel.        BOURDAIN:  However you feel about the government, however you feel about the last 55 years, there aren't any places in the world that look like this.  I mean, it's utterly enchanting.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It's very seductive.        BOURDAIN:  There is no doubt in my mind that somewhere in the offices of like the Four Seasons hotel chain, they're looking at the sea front and thinking, you know, one of these days.  You know, and cruise ships, you know, what happens then?       UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Well, look...      BOURDAIN:  Is this an inevitable march of progress?  Am I being a snob?       UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  No, no, you're being very realistic.  That's the concern of most Cubans.  I wouldn't mind seeing one or two Starbucks around Havana, but hoping we don't go back to 1958, where the majority of Cuban companies were owned by American corporations.        BOURDAIN:  Right.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I have got to believe that Cuba will want to reserve some of the value that represents, you know, the hearts and soul of the Cuban people.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Last time I was in Havana, a meal at a paladar would have been rice and beans.  Now, sushi.  A certain sign of impending apocalypse.        (on camera):  That's good.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Ten years ago this restaurant would have never been allowed, not only because private businesses were not allowed, but the external influence that you're seeing.      Remember, this is a country where chewing gum or listening to The Beatles were prohibited.  I don't think we all need to have Twitter every day.  I mean, one of the things I love about coming to Cuba is the fact that I can put my iPhone away.        Who cares?  Look what we have around us.  And I hope that Cubans, as continue to have access to free information, they still want to preserve these family times.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Tourists have been coming to Cuba for some time.  Predominantly Europeans, many of them men of a certain age looking for, how shall we say, company.        But now it looks like Americans looking to live out fantasies of "Godfather II," will soon be able to do so.  And it's all still here for them.        But there's new stuff, too.  This is certainly new.  Fabrica de Arte, the hottest spot in Havana.  A nightclub, performance space, art gallery, highlighting artists, musicians and deejays from around the world.  Questlove is scheduled to deejay here tomorrow night.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It's like a big bag (ph) when all the arts can fit inside.        BOURDAIN (on camera):  Right.        (voice-over):  What is going on here?  I ask Inti Herrera and X Alfonso, two of the young entrepreneurs behind the place.        (on camera):  Nothing like this ever existed before.  Did the government bureau of arts help you?       UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  We had -- at the beginning, we had subsidies from the ministry of culture.  Even the building, we asked for the building because it was abandoned for 13 years.        BOURDAIN:  The place is very popular.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Right now, yes.        BOURDAIN:  Who comes here?       UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  These people that love art but at the same time, it's very diverse.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  It attracts a once unthinkable mix of foreigners and locals that enjoys the actual support of the government, without whom, of course, it couldn't exist.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Our chef here, we said, is part of the art world, you know, here.        BOURDAIN:  A ceviche of dogfish with pickled vegetables.  Loin of pork, pan-seared with yucca and a riff on a traditional orange sauce with garlic and coriander.        (on camera):  Mmm, good.        What do you think is going to happen when the door opens and you have got hundreds of thousands of Americans flooding here, looking desperately to spend money on anything Cuban?       UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I don't know, man.  We are a small country. We have to adapt to new things.  But I think it's a good challenge.        BOURDAIN:  I guess I'm asking, how do you keep it real when you'll all probably be millionaires in a few years?       UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Us?        BOURDAIN:  Yes.      UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  You think so?       BOURDAIN:  Yes.      UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It's not our goal in life, but that's...      BOURDAIN:  Doesn't matter?        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes, it doesn't matter.  We're going to have booths (ph) and more backers (ph).      (LAUGHTER)       BOURDAIN:  More backers (ph).        (END VIDEOTAPE)       (COMMERCIAL BREAK)       (BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)       BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Havana still looks like you want it to look.  Or maybe just how I want it to look.  What was once one of the wealthiest cities in Latin America, left to the elements, left to collapse, were frozen gloriously in time.       In fits and starts, Cuba is changing, but it's not sugar or rum  or tobacco or casino gambling that is the new god.  It's tourism.        (on camera):  All right.  So here, Chinatown, such as it is.  But are there any Chinese left in Havana?       UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  No.  There's a few new Chinese.        BOURDAIN:  Right.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  At one point the Chinese community in Cuba was huge, but they pretty much cleared out after the revolution, as did most of the Russian-Jewish emigres who were here.        So the state has erected a few quintessentially Chinatown gates, mustered the 14 Chinese people left in Havana to summon their relatives.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  For more than 35 years, John Lee Anderson (ph) has been reporting from conflict zones such as Syria, Lebanon, Libya, Iraq, and Afghanistan.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I lied about my age and traveled around Africa.  When I was 13, I told people I was 26.        BOURDAIN:  In the early 1990s, while researching a biography of Che Guevara, he and his family moved to Cuba and ended up staying for three years.        (on camera):  You lived here during the special period, which was not so special.  That was the bad times.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  That was the bad times.        BOURDAIN:  The Russians had pulled out.  Soviets all done.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  The economy went like this, 90 percent, it just tanked.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Cuba lost 80 percent of its import goods, which led to widespread hunger, malnutrition, and a nosedive for the already difficult quality of life on the island.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  There was one place where we could buy food, which was a Soviet-style place with food that was flown in.  Quite bad food.  Under Fidel's rule, that's the way it was.        BOURDAIN:  It's like a cargo cult version of Chinese food here. Dumplings.  The Szechuan chicken dish that's about as Szechuan as, well, I am.        (on camera):  What's going to happen?  What's next?       UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  The uptick in tourism, just after the December 17th announcement -- the surprise announcement by Raul and Obama in which they said, we have decided to make friends again, the surge in tourism and American interest in Cuba is like this.        You now have an island where every room is for rent because you can make $30 or $40 a day.  That's more than a state employee makes in three months.        BOURDAIN:  There will be wealthy hipsters, women in tiny black dresses drinking ironic riffs on the mojito, the lobby of the spanking new W Hotel with "oonce-oonce-oonce" in the background, and that's within five years.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes, I would say so.        BOURDAIN:  Will every Cuban have an inalienable right to free medical care and education at that time?       UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  That's what they're worried about.  The last time I was here, which was in 2013, I counted eight to 10 homeless, garbage-eating people in the street.  And I thought, wow, I've never seen that before in Cuba.        That's something that the old Cuba, the socialist Cuba that could look after all of its citizens, would never have allowed.  It's allowing it now.  This period we're here in, it's the lull before it all hits.        The train is coming.  It's either going to roar by and they're going to be able to jump on and go with it, or it's going to derail and it will be a mess.  All of it's possible.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  My mom is asking me if you would like to taste the rice?       BOURDAIN:  Oh, it's fantastic.        (voice-over):  Like a lot of Cubans, Yosimi Rodriguez (ph) lives in same working class neighborhood where she was born.        UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  I live with my mom, my sister, my niece. Of course I would like to have my own bedroom.  But there are people who don't have a house.        BOURDAIN:  You were a translator, is that correct?  And you are now a journalist?       UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Yes, well, I've been writing for Havana Times and then I write also for (INAUDIBLE), which is another independent Web site.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  She struggles to eke out a living in an industry where the state firmly controls all media.        (on camera):  What subjects in particular are of interest to you?       UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Racial issues.        BOURDAIN:  Racial disparity.  Now this is something that the revolution promised to address.        UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Their main mistake was to say that they had eradicated racism, that just like it could be eradicated just like that.  On the street, for instance, policemen, the first people they stop, black people.  If you're black, you are a potential criminal.      BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Her mom, Rosa (ph), prepares a cabbage stew with carrots, tomatoes, and green beans for her as Yosimi is a rare vegetarian on an island where pork is king.        (on camera):  Oh, fantastic, look at that.        (voice-over):  And for us, pork marinated in garlic, onion, and sour orange.        (on camera):  Please tell your mom it's superb, really excellent.       UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Mom, (SPEAKING SPANISH).      BOURDAIN:  Thank you.        You have a very highly educated public here, one of the most literate nations on earth.        UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  That's funny, we are highly educated, as you said, but we're behind concerning Internet and all that stuff. Most the folks have access to only the official media, the official newspaper.        If Internet comes, and I think the government is trying to delay it, if that comes, many things will change.  People will have access to different points of view, and I don't think our government wants that.        BOURDAIN:  If everything goes well, what will Havana be like? What will this neighborhood be like in five years?       UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  You know, having a prosperous society doesn't guarantee that it is the same for everyone.  You know, you see these people who have been able to use opportunities to open businesses, to open successful restaurants.        Those opportunities are there, but I cannot use them because I don't have money.  I don't think it is possible to have a perfect society, but I think it is possible to try.        How you like the food?       BOURDAIN:  Oh, it's delicious.  Really good.  Thank you.        (END VIDEOTAPE)       (COMMERCIAL BREAK)       (BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)      BOURDAIN (voice-over):  All Cuba seems waiting for something.  For whatever it is that happens next.  Today, that's the roar of Detroit's finest.  Circa 1959 and before, of course.  American dream machines tricked out, babied, pampered, jury-rigged or simply held together with duct tape and bailing wire.        (on camera):  Nice.  What's under the hood?        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  (SPEAKING SPANISH)      UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  V8 American engines.  We buy spares.  We bring the spares from America.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  (SPEAKING SPANISH)      UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  All we think about through the week is our machines, our V8 engines.  You know, car racing in Cuba, they love it here as much as they love baseball.        BOURDAIN:  Whoa, that's serious.        (voice-over):  Los Amigos del Motor are diehard gearheads, drag racers who for more than 20 years have been defying the law and escaping the grind of daily life by pressing pedal to the metal and hurdling down the highway faster, faster, fast as they can go.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  They just find the best part of the day when there's not so much traffic.  You get hundreds and hundreds of people on both sides of the road.        BOURDAIN (on camera):  Now before it was absolutely illegal.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It has always been illegal.  It's only the last couple of weeks that we're going to get sponsorship from the minister of the sports.        BOURDAIN:  Everything is changing.  It's entirely possible that soon you'll be able to order any part, any car, any car in the world. You can have it tomorrow.  What would it be?       UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Corvette.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Corvette.        BOURDAIN:  Corvette.  Which year?       UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  (SPEAKING SPANISH)      UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Today!      (LAUGHTER)       UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  This is a lunar picnic.  It's only to be seen at night.  The grills are painted with this fluorescent painting. It's very surrealistic.  It's a weird sensation.  It's like, make you hungry somehow.       BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Along with his creative partner Marco  Castillo, Dago Rodriguez is half of Los Carpinteros, an artistic entity whose work is shown and collected all over the world.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Every single (INAUDIBLE) is a different thing.  We have different technology to fabricate and to develop.        BOURDAIN:  Los Carpinteros have managed to stay in the government's good graces by widely using irony to make their points. In the brutally competitive and capricious contemporary art world outside of Cuba, they are stars.  They make a lot of money.  But they always return home to Havana.        (on camera):  Ah, looks like we'll be eating well.        (voice-over):  Tonight it's a party in Dago's backyard.  Kelvis Ochoa (ph) has made his much-loved pig's head soup, with pumpkin, corn, peppers, and sweet potatoes, casaba, and plantain.        (on camera):  If I saw somebody's house, it was just an ordinary home, but they created their own fast food franchise, they made it look as if it was part of a chain, it was like, you know, Mr. Burger or something like this.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  This place can be a (INAUDIBLE) for fast food.        UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  I hope they don't come here soon.        BOURDAIN:  Yes, well, this is my biggest fear is that there will be a big glass box of a W Hotel, and start seeing Starbucks and Victoria's Secret, and, you know, all the people who make every place look the same.  It would be awful.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes, but we have a 50-year lack of money.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Right.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  This is a big problem.  The people will freak out with money when they have the money here.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Of course.  But, I mean, I think if there's a $200 million hotel project that's sustainable, that preserves the facade of the city, that will get approved first before anything super American per se, you know?       BOURDAIN:  Whoa, what's he cooking over there?        (voice-over):  Can't forget the whole roasted pig, a few years back, a pretty unthinkable luxury for just about everybody.       (on camera):  Oh, wow, soup.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Everything is (INAUDIBLE).  They have no money.  They have no money.      BOURDAIN:  Yes, for -- yes.        (LAUGHTER)       UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  None of the pesticides and the hormones yet.        BOURDAIN:  Ooh, wow.        (voice-over):  And tamales steamed in the broth from the pig's head soup.        (on camera):  Life is good.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes, it is.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I think that our culture is so strong that it's going to take a lot of tourists and a lot of boats -- how do you say?        BOURDAIN:  Cruise ships.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Cruise ships.  It's going to take a lot of cruise ships to dissolve this (INAUDIBLE).  We're always like this with or without tourists.        (END VIDEOTAPE)       (COMMERCIAL BREAK)       (BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)       UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  This is a typical street of this neighborhood.  Houses of wood, houses of concrete.  The street is not in good condition.  Here was the bus station.  It's not a bus station anymore.  Now it's a building.  It's a monument of the past.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Montea (ph) is a suburb of Havana, home to one of Cuba's most celebrated writers.        LEONARDO PADURA, AUTHOR (through translator):  My name is Leonardo Padura, I am a writer.  And we are in the house where I have lived my whole life.        There are a lot of lines in the Cuban reality that apparently cannot be trespassed.  But I think they can be crossed, or at least they can be pushed.         BOURDAIN:  Author of the internationally successful Mario Conde detective series, Padura has been able to portray the daily struggles, the absurdities of life in Cuba.  It's a delicate dance, and few have been able to replicate it.        (on camera):  Your hero in the books, does he live in this neighborhood or another neighborhood?       PADURA:  More or less.  More or less.       (on camera):  Happy place to grow up, this neighborhood?       PADURA:  Yes, yes, yes.  Totally free.        BOURDAIN:  I notice a lot of people just hanging out.  Who lives here?       PADURA:  All kinds of people.  Doctors, for example, engineers, workers.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  (SPEAKING SPANISH)      PADURA:  And people who make nothing, like that guy.        BOURDAIN:  Right.        PADURA:  He don't make nothing.        BOURDAIN:  How does he live?       PADURA:  Trying to find something to do or something to sell. Making a small business.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Cafeteria a la BBQ is only one example of a booming do-it-yourself service industry.  It's a place where you get a lot of bang for your money.  Nothing fancy.  Just delicious.  Fried pork, plantains.  And the kind of silky, deeply satisfying beans that dreams are made of.        (on camera):  This is good, good beans.        PADURA:  Yes.      BOURDAIN:  You've never had a book blacklisted or banned in Cuba?       PADURA:  No.  Fortunately, no.      BOURDAIN:  Have you been able to say everything that you wanted to say?       PADURA:  I try to be the most honest writer that I can be, and I think that I say all that I can say.  The problem is that we need in Cuba a lot of money, because it's a very beautiful city, but the people have many problems to live, with the space, with the structure of the buildings.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  For dessert.      (on camera):  Awesome.      (voice-over):  Flan, cooked in a cut down beer can.        (on camera):  Thank you.        You're a successful author.  You've been around the world, you've traveled?      PADURA:  Mm-hmm.      BOURDAIN:  During difficult periods of Cuban history, I'm sure you had many opportunities to live in Miami or Barcelona or Los Angeles.  And yet you stayed in the same house, the same neighborhood. Why?       PADURA:  Because I like it.  I need to live in Cuba, near to the Cuban people, near to the Cuban language.  For me, it's very, very important.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Yes, the future is here.  But the past, too, is everywhere.  The buildings, the cars, the gears of the whole system are still largely stuck in time.        JUANA BACALLAO, SINGER (through translator):  My name is Juana Bacallao.  Juana la Cubana.        BOURDAIN:  Ninety-three-year-old Juana Bacallao is very much a part of that past.        BACALLAO:  I have dedicated myself to my art, to singing for the people my entire life.      BOURDAIN:  Long before the revolution, she was a shining star at the Meyer Lansky's Tropicana, singing for Capone, Luciano, you know the names.        BACALLAO:  Always "Juana! Juana!" when I try to get into my car. And that is the life I have always known with the people.        I go on stage every day at midnight, with my orchestra.        Cuba has always been divine.  It is a wonderful fountain of friends.  All the people love me.  As long as there is light I will sing.        (END VIDEOTAPE)       (COMMERCIAL BREAK)       (BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)       BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Cuba is not Havana.  It's a bigger country than you might imagine, and the road to Santiago de Cuba, the country's second-largest city, takes you 12 hours on their less-than- modern highway system.        Along the way, you see agrarian Cuba, the country in which most Cubans lived pre-revolution.        Santiago is a poorer city.  It's blacker.  And unlike Havana, the symbols and faces of the revolution still seem to mean something.        These Brutalist prefab workers' housing complexes are everywhere here, and at first glance, hell, at second glance, they look like something you would house animals in.  But for many previously living even poorer, harsher lives in the countryside, these offered something new.  Each group of buildings came with a doctor, a school.        Still, they look about as grim as grim can be.  Yet, Santiago is anything but grim.  Siboney Beach is where locals go on the weekend to kick back with family, drink the best rum in Cuba, which means the best rum anywhere, swim, hang with family and friends.        (on camera):  Hola, gentlemen, we will be needing some bassos (ph).        (voice-over):  Ranel (ph) is our local fixer.  Ruben (ph) is in the bar business.  Sergio (ph) rents rooms to the occasional tourist, everybody getting by, making the adjustment to private enterprise Cuba in their own way.        (on camera):  Until a few years ago, you couldn't rent or sell, right?       UNIDENTIFIED MALE (through translator):  No.  It was different. Years ago you could rent...      UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  A long time ago was allowed to rent house but no sell and buy.        BOURDAIN:  What kind of fish is this?        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Dorado.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  That's huge.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Fresh-caught dorado and lobster is on the menu.        (on camera):  Do they think this is going to change?  I mean, look, we've all been following the news.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE (through translator):  We will have a tourism that we've never had before.  North American tourists.      BOURDAIN:  Right.  Half an hour away.  I mean, they can basically take a boat over for lunch.  What do you think Americans want?       UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  They have no idea, because they have never talked to an American tourist before.        BOURDAIN:  Looking good now, man.  Good rum, cold beer, good fish, good lobster.  You'll be needing a blender for pina coladas.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  If they have no machine, they're going to do it by hand.        (LAUGHTER)       BOURDAIN:  Let me put it this way, my friend, you're going to be making a lot of pina coladas.  I think you're going to need the machine.        (voice-over):  Night time is party time, where everybody, it appears, at least from when I was there, hit the streets.  Mom, dad, sis, even grandma get, well, crazy.        It used to be son and trova that ruled the streets.  This was where those musical styles were born, after all.  But now it's reggaeton and, of course, hip hop.        Alain Garcia (ph) is the leader of the Santiago-based hip hop trio TNT la Resistencia.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  We've been making hip hop for 15 years, which is quite difficult here in Cuba.  We've been in jail three days once just for make hip hop.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Definitely it's a change in Cuba, but I don't think it's because the relations with the United States are getting better.  It's because the people just realize we need change.  We still want a kind of society where every participates, everyone is determining the future of our society.        BOURDAIN (on camera):  so born and bred in Santiago, where the good rum comes from?        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Exactly.        BOURDAIN:  So tell me, music business in Santiago, but what are you doing?       UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Music here is more important than a plate of food for people.  When it's Carnival sometimes people doesn't have money for proper food, but they've got money for like a jar of beer and just enjoying that beer in a place with music.        BOURDAIN:  How much American hip hop do you get here?       UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  We get actually quite a lot.  It's by friends.  Someone came from outside, then was passed to me and then passed to my friends, and that's it.  It's hand by hand.        In the beginnings, in the '90s, we start to make hip hot here, and we get a lot of problems.  People came from the States, they are like the everlasting enemy of the revolution, so you are making the music, a protest music.        BOURDAIN:  Right.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  So we have been a couple times in jail just for songs.        BOURDAIN:  So now you can make money performing?       UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.        BOURDAIN:  You can maybe make money selling?      UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  CDs in the streets, but actually right now,  more possibilities are common.  We have the opportunity to like promote the music.  We have the opportunity to having access to Internet, free access, I mean.        BOURDAIN:  That's going to be the biggest thing.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.  If you want to spend your holidays proper in Cuba, just come to Santiago.  I've got a couple of things to show to you.      BOURDAIN:  Cheers, man.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Cheers, man.  To Santiago.        (END VIDEOTAPE)       (COMMERCIAL BREAK)       (BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)       BOURDAIN:  Hola.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Hola.        BOURDAIN:  Let's do it.        Hi, I'm Tony.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Hi, my name is George (ph).        BOURDAIN:  How long you have been driving a taxi?       UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  For more than 20 years.        BOURDAIN:  For mostly Cubans or tourists?       UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  No, tourists, most of them Spanish, Italian, even people from Canada, a lot of Canadian people.        BOURDAIN:  You from Santiago?       UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes, I was born in Santiago.  I was (INAUDIBLE).  I used to live in Russia for (INAUDIBLE).  I started there.        BOURDAIN:  Really?       UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes, I was really young (ph).  And I really enjoyed it.        BOURDAIN:  Oh, yes?  Because it's supposed to be cold there.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Can you imagine the difference, Cuba, Russia, snow?   The first time I saw, I sent to my mom a lot of pictures of holding snow, throwing snow.       (LAUGHTER)       BOURDAIN:  So what were you studying in Russia?       UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Mechanical engineering.        BOURDAIN:  So you went from engineering to taxi driving?       UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes, yes.  In 1990s, the Russians left us alone.  We got in trouble with the economy, so I have to change my job.        BOURDAIN:  So it looks like the embargo might end, you know, a lot of money going to start coming to Cuba.  Do you think it's going to change?       UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I think that the American businessmen will invest in Cuba, and that will be good for everyone.        BOURDAIN:  How about going back to engineering?       UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  You know, that will depend on how much it would pay.        BOURDAIN:  All right, OK.        (voice-over):  What next for Cuba?  Something is coming.  It will come from out there, but also from within Cuba.  It's already happening, but what is it?  Everybody knows, everybody can feel it, it smells like freedom, but will it be victory?       (END VIDEOTAPE)  ANTHONY BOURDAIN, CNN HOST:  I am so confused.  It wasn't supposed to be like this.  Of all of the places, of all the countries, all the years of traveling, it's here in Iran that I am greeted most warmly by total strangers. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Ala (ph). BOURDAIN:  The other stuff is there, the Iran we've read about, heard about, seen in the news.  But this -- this I wasn't prepared for. UNIDENTIFIED MALE (singing):  I took a walk through this beautiful world felt the cool rain on my shoulder, found something good in this beautiful world.  I felt the rain getting colder. (MUSIC) BOURDAIN:  Thank you.  Merci.  Good to be here finally.  It's taken some time.  Like a lot of time.  Like four years I've been trying. Finally.   Tehran.  City of nearly 8 million people.  Capital of Iran. (INAUDIBLE) unlike, there are neighborhoods of Rome this feels a lot like.   After all of this time I finally have my chance to see a country I'd heard so much about.   (on camera):  The weather is nice, too.  I don't know what I was expecting.  But it is nice.   (voice over):  A big blank spot on nearly every traveler's resume.   (on camera):  Merci.  Delicious.  Thank you.   (MUSIC) UNIDENTIFIED CHILD:  Once upon a time there was an ancient kingdom where they found a lot of magical black stuff under the ground.    But two other kingdoms had the key to the magical black stuff.  And when they wouldn't share.  The people of the ancient kingdom got mad. They voted and their leader said the magical black stuff is ours to keep.  But the other kingdoms wear afraid of losing all of the magical black stuff so they gave money to some bad men to get rid of the leader.  They put back in power another leader.  And they gave him money too.  To some he was a good king.  But to others he could be very cruel.   After many years the people of the kingdom got mad. This time even madder.  So they scared the king away forever.  And then things started to get really messed up.   BOURDAIN:  OK.  That's a simplistic, and incomplete way to sum up the last 100-odd years of Iranian history.  But the point is there were a lot of issues and differing agendas leading up to the explosion of rage known as the Iranian hostage crisis.  Look, we know what Iran the government does.  George W. Bush famously called them part of the axis of evil.  Their proxies in Iraq have done American soldiers real harm. There was no doubt of this.  But I hope I can be forgiven for finding these undeniable truths hard to reconcile with how we are treated on the streets everywhere we go.  So forget about the politics if you can for a moment.  How about the food?  The food here is amazing. Chelo-kabob, as close as you get to a national dish and the king of kabobs.  Ground lamb with spices, a good place to start. (on camera):  So what do you guys do for a living?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I export nuts.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I am a curator of contemporary art.   BOURDAIN:  Which is an exploding scene here?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Iranian culture has three different culture. Western culture, Iranian and Islamic culture.  It's really (INAUDIBLE).  It has changed a lot during the last decade. BOURDAIN:  Yes. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  So this is the actual (INAUDIBLE) BOURDAIN:  Right. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I would recommend you to try this one.  And this one.  And this one.   BOURDAIN:  OK. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Why not?  (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN (voice over):  Chelo-kabob wouldn't be complete without Persian rice.  Fluffy, long grained, and perfectly seasoned with saffron, the rice in this country us like anything you have ever had.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  So, Tony, first you should take the butter and put it on your rice.  Bon appetite. BOURDAIN (on camera):  Bon appetite.   It's good.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It's good. (LAUGHTER) (voice over):  It was a hopeful time when I arrived in Iran.  A window had opened.  There had been a slight loosening of restrictions since the election of President Hassan Rouhani.  And there was optimism for a deal that could lead to an easing of crippling economic sanctions imposed because of Iran's continued nuclear program.  Trade restrictions that have been very, very difficult for everyone.  But there is a push happening between opposing factions in the government. On one hand, Iranians are the descendants of ancient Persia.  And empire of poetry.  Flowers, the highly influential culture that goes back thousands of years.  But the ruling clerical and military class are at best ambivalent and at worst actively hostile to much of that tradition.  Severe religious based restrictions of speech, dress, behavior were ushered in by the rise of the ayatollah during the 1979 Islamic Revolution. So how does one have fun in Iran these days?  This is the line that is constantly being tested.  Alcohol is, of course, forbidden.  You can get away with listening to rock or rap.  Sort of.  Sometimes.  But you cannot yourself rock or be seen to visibly rock.  Not everyone in Iran is delighted with what their country has become since the revolution. But even insinuating discontent can have consequences.  Protesters, dissidents, journalists have been simply disappeared into the moor (ph) of the national security system.   LOCAL CREW:  Military. BOURDAIN (on camera):  What? LOCAL CREW:  Some military place.  Don't shoot, please. LOCAL CREW:  These are (INAUDIBLE) JASON REZAIAN, WASHINGTON POST CORRESPONDENT:  We are in this northern most land of Tehran, up here in Derbend (ph), the road stops and it gets really steep.  The place for Iranians to escape the heat, escape the pollution.  And have a kabob.  And a shisha, and just kind of unwind.   As print journalists our job is difficult, but it's also kind of easy. Because there is so much to write about.  You know it, the difficult part is convincing people on the other side of the world that what we are telling you, we are seeing in front of our eyes is actually there. When you walk down the street you see a different side of things. People are proud.  The culture is vibrant.  People have a lot to say.   BOURDAIN (voice over):  Jason Rezaian is "the Washington Post" correspondent for Iran, Yeganeh, his wife and a fellow journalist works for the UAE based newspaper "The National."  Jason is Iranian- American.  Yeganeh is a full Iranian citizen.  This is their city, Tehran.   (on camera):  The official attitude towards fun in general seems to be an ever-shifting -- is fun even a good idea? REZAIAN:  A lot of push and pull.  A lot of give and take.  When I  first started coming here you wouldn't hear pop music in a restaurant or ... BOURDAIN:  Right. YEGANEH SALEHI:  It's everywhere now. BOURDAIN:  Now it is everywhere.   YEGANEH SALEHI:  We have police.  They arrest girls or women for having bad hijab, or not being covered enough.  But it's not that we live with the police in our head, you know.   BOURDAIN:  You know, one of the first things that people will say when you say, I'm going to Iran.  Yeah, but don't they make women dupe this, this, this, this.   REZAIAN:  Actually -- not so much, not as much as our friends. BOURDAIN:  Compare and contrast, women aren't allowed to drive in Saudi Arabia.   YEGANEH SALEHI:  That's right.  Or vote.   BOURDAIN:  Or vote.  You can drive.  You can vote?  YEGANEH SALEHI:  Yeah, of course. BOURDAIN:  Can you open business? YEGANEH SALEHI:  Of course.   My sister is an accountant.  She has her own company.  Girls are allowed to do almost everything, except if you want to go and watch football, which is ... BOURDAIN:  Can't they watch football?  YEGANEH SALEHI:  We cannot.   BOURDAIN (voice over):  Women's issues are often at the spear point of change or possible change here.  On one hand, prevailing conservative attitudes demand certain things.  On the other hand, Iranian women are famously assertive, opinionated.  It's a striking difference from almost everywhere else in the region.   (on camera):  So, why are we so friendly with the Saudis again?  :  It's a great question.  It's a really good question.   YEGANEH SALEHI:  And I'm happy that you asked that question.   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  Do you like it?  Are you happy here? REZAIAN:  Look, I am at a point now after five years where -- I miss  certain things about home.  I miss my buddies.  I miss burritos.  I miss having certain beverages with my buddies and burritos. (LAUGHTER) REZAIAN:  Certain types of establishments.  But I love it.  I love it -- and I hate it.  You know.  But it's home.  It's become home.   BOURDAIN:  Are you optimistic about the future?  YEGANEH SALEHI:  Yeah.  Especially, if there is no (INAUDIBLR) finally happens.  Yeah.  Very much, actually.   BOURDAIN (voice over):  Despite the hopeful nature of our conversation, six weeks after the filming of this episode, Jason and Yeganeh were mysteriously arrested and detained by the police.  Sadly in Iran, this sort of thing is not an isolated incident. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  What is OK to film in Iran and what is not?  What is OK to the friendly, to us, at least, Ministry of Guidance, might not be OK at all for the Basij, essentially, roving young religious militias. Despite all permits and paperwork being in order we are detained for several hours.  This sort of harassment is a daily part of life for Iranians.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Just turn it off right now.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Bye-bye.  Bye-bye.  Bye-bye. BOURDAIN (on camera):  I'm so glad to be here.  I like your fellow ... UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Sebastian. BOURDAIN:  (INAUDIBLE) People have been ridiculously nice to us.  Aren't you guys supposed to be the axis of evil? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  You are absolutely right.  We are demonized by the media outside.  You show black and white.  People are demonstrating, and killing, and bombing.  And this and that.  And you never see - this and that.  But you never talk about the real people.  Who are actually living peacefully inside the country?  You know?  And eventually in the future of the world.  We and Americans have a very special place in this, you cannot play a game without considering Iran as a friend.   BOURDAIN (voice over):  One of Ferog's (ph) many passions is ancient Persia, culinary history in particular, and he is writing a book on the subject. (on camera):  How do you pronounce the specialty here?  Vizi (ph)? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Service called Dizi (ph), which actually is the name of the pot.   BOURDAIN:  That's right.  It's like an Earthenware.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  (INAUDIBLE) BOURDAIN:  Right. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  This is one of the ending dishes of humankind.  It goes back to Mesopotamia 6,000 years ago.   BOURDAIN:  Potato, chick peas, water.  Lamb.  Cooked together.  (voice over):  Add a little fat.  Mash it up with potatoes and chick peas.  (on camera):  That's good.  What do Iranians want to eat today?  It is a home cooking culture.  I mean ... UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.  We didn't have the culture of eating out. This is a culture of secret foods in the House.  Things, which are unheard of.  It's not in the book.  Secret. BOURDAIN:  That is really, really interesting.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  A lot of secrets. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Have you ever tried traditional Iranian food?  BOURDAIN:  It is difficult.  Because everybody says the great food of Iran is cooked in people's homes.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Yes.   BOURDAIN (voice over):  This is a land of secret recipes.  Passed down within families like treasured possessions.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Mr. Tony, please. BOURDAIN (on camera):  Beautiful spread of food.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  She is my wife.  And I am a really lucky man.  She is very good to cook.   BOURDAIN (voice over):  Prijan (ph) like so many other Iranians I've met has been kind enough to invite me to his home.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  This is milk soup.  Milk and chicken soup.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  It is really good. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE (through translator):  My mom said that Iranian people loves guests.  And they will never get tired if the guest likes their food.   He's called it fesanjan (ph). BOURDAIN (voice over):  A stew of fried chicken, onion, ground walnuts, pomegranate, and tomato paste.   (on camera):  And this fruit.  There's some kind of fruit.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Yes, there's the dried apricot inside (INAUDIBLE). BOURDAIN:  Delicious.  So good.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Needed around 24 hours' time. BOURDAIN (voice over):  These are very sophisticated, very time consuming dishes to prepare.  Always from scratch and always in excess of what you could possibly need.  You tend to kill your guests with kindness around here.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Pinopina (ph).  That dish is from the south of Iran.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  From the Persian Gulf?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  This one is from the north.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Mahia halva (ph). BOURDAIN:  Maybe if I could try some?  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  This one? BOURDAIN:  Yes.  Thank you.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Of course.   And that one is peyme (ph).  We made it with beans, meat.   BOURDAIN:  It's so good.   Mm, fantastic food.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Men and wife, both of them working.   BOURDAIN:  It's hard to do something like this.  That's what I've been waiting.  That's the crispy rice at the bottom right there.  What is it called?  Tareq?  Is that? UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Tariq. BOURDAIN:  Tariq. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Exactly. BOURDAIN:  Merci. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  My mom and my mother-in-law, they think if they have a guest they have to at least two or three kind of foods.  And if they make just one they think that it is not very polite for a guest. But now they set the example for my generation.  That I have a guest I will just make one food.  One appetizer.  And one dessert.   BOURDAIN:  You know why?  You know why? UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Because it is much easier. (LAUGHTER) (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  Times have changed.  Pre-1979 Tehran was party central. But with Iran's 1979 revolution, 2500 years of monarchy was over.  The Supreme Leader, Ayatollah Khomeini's word became more or less -- law. Today hundreds of thousands of Iranians are bussed to his enormous shrine from all over the country.  The national holiday, Khomeini died on this day in 1989.  His funeral attended by over 10 million Iranians. CROWD (chanting) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  (INAUDIBLE) CROWD (chanting) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Down with ignorance.  Viva wisdom!   CROWD (chanting) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Some of Iranian (INAUDIBLE) we need (INAUDIBLE), and maybe - in all of the world for friendship. CROWD (chanting) BOURDAIN:  Don't want to miss the bus. (voice over):  South of Tehran, the landscape opens up.  Only 300 miles of Iranian highway stretching to the city of Isfahan.  Isfahan is Iran's third largest city.  Half the world, is the saying, went back when this was the capital of Persia and beyond. The city is renowned for its architecture, the grandest bridges and mosques dating back to the Middle Ages.  The USA?  From America. Where are you from?  From Isfahan?  Or from Tehran?  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Tehran. BOURDAIN:  Well, nice to meet you.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Nice to meet you too.   BOURDAIN:  Yes.  Hello. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Welcome to Iran. BOURDAIN:  Thank you. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Welcome to Isfahan. BOURDAIN:  Thank you so much. It's very beautiful. I guess into the decor, this is a former wrestlers' hangout?  (voice over):  Tucked deep in the labyrinth of Isfahan's bazaar, the smell of something, very, very good.  This shop has been here doing the same thing for 100 years.  And based on the line it must be doing it right. (on camera):  I have had biryani in India.  I've had it in Uzbekistan. But there is no question who invented biryani. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  No.  No way. BOURDAIN (voice over):  Biryani.  Maybe you know the word, though this doesn't look like any biryani I have ever had.  Minced lamb shoulder, onion, turmeric, cinnamon, mint, and of course, saffron.  More valuable than gold by weight.   (on camera):  This is delicious.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Very good.   BOURDAIN:  Isfahan today one of the most visited areas by tourists? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yeah, everybody knows, if you come to Iran and you don't visit Isfahan, you are wasting your time.    BOURDAIN (voice over):  The royal mosques, it's Imam Square, the second largest square in the world behind Tiananmen in China.  At dusk families come to the square to cool off, picnic, and have, yes, it looks like even a little bit of fun.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  Morning prayer in Isfahan.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  (chanting in foreign language) BOURDAIN:  Across town the Khaju Bridge where men gather spontaneously to sing. UNIDENTIFIED MALE (SINGING) BOURDAIN:  Is this OK?  This impromptu giving oneself over to the creative urge to stand and sing out to no one in particular?  Maybe, but not OK apparently to film. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Gotta go. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Got to go. BOURDAIN:  The road back to Tehran.  Along the way, reminders of just how far back this culture goes.  The ruins of ancient caravanserais, highway rest stops from when armies, merchants, traders traveling by camel by foot all passed along these same routes.  This right here a stop on what was once the Silk Road extending all the way to China. In this part of the world, whatever your background, bread is a vital, essential, fundamental and deeply respected staple.  In mornings in Tehran countless bakeries like this one turn out as much as they can. (on camera):  It smells good in here.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  We have to stay in line.  BOURDAIN:  No problem. (voice over):  Standing in line is a daily part of life for many Iranians. (on camera):  They bake these things on small stones.  Gives it that texture. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  This is why it is called sangak - Sang is stone, pebble.   BOURDAIN (voice over):  In the years since the 1979 revolution, Iranians have weathered wars, food shortages, and crippling trade sanctions, that have caused the economy to sputter.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  So I am going to make you a small table, all right? BOURDAIN:  Movak (ph) is kind enough to take me for breakfast.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  This is called (INAUDIBLE). BOURDAIN (voice over):  Awesome.  And it is made from bulgur wheat?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes. And you know what is inside except wheat?  It is meat.  It is turkey. This is a mixture of sugar and cinnamon. BOURDAIN (on camera):  That's good.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Do you like?  BOURDAIN:  Yeah, and the spread is amazing.   So, you were how old when the war with Iraq started?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I was exactly seven. BOURDAIN:  Iraq attacked ... UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yeah. BOURDAIN:  And it was a surprise attack. (voice over):  Iran's eight year long war with Saddam Hussein's Iraq is deeply, deeply felt.  Hundreds of thousands of Iranians, many of them children died fighting in that conflict.   (on camera):  Were you afraid?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  We were afraid.  My brother was -- in the front. For three years out of eight.  And it was not only my brother, many young people like him.  Eight years of war, you know.  With a country that is supported by many big powers.   BOURDAIN (voice over):  And it is worth mentioning whatever you think, wherever we are now, that Saddam supported by the U.S. government and with our full knowledge used Sarin and mustard gas on hundreds of thousands of Iranians.  Less known in America, known and felt by everyone in Iran. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  And it was a mistake of the United States at the time.  They made a bad memory for Iranians. BOURDAIN (on camera):  But still people are indeed really, really nice here.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Because people here don't hate Americans.  You had a coup.  And then a revolution everything.  And then you captured the embassy.  And he is finished.  And then - killed each other.  We didn't have a real fight.  So it can be some political misunderstanding which is resolved, which will be resolved, maybe, I hope. BOURDAIN:  Inshallah (ph). UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Inshallah. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN (voice over):  So far, Iran does not look and does not feel the way I had expected.  Neither East nor West, but always somewhere in the middle.   (on camera):  Well it looks spectacular.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  You can't have this in the restaurant.  It is time consuming.  It is very expensive.  So you have to - Persian cuisine has to be experienced in somebody's home.   BOURDAIN:  Thank you.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  So this one here is called basvurmah (ph). BOURDAIN:  It's slow cooked lamb in yogurt.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  In yogurt, and saffron and egg yolks.   BOURDAIN (voice over):  Nazilla (ph), a prominent art gallery owner insisted I come over for lunch with her friends and family.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  And here we have the sour cherry rice.  The maples and chicken.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Sour cherries.  More than any other nation, I think we love sour. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Yeah. BOURDAIN:  Rahim (ph), the cook, has been with the family for generations.  Rice mixed with yogurt and saffron baked into a crispy dough.  Don't think of rice as a side dish around here.  It can be the main event.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  OK.  Very, very good.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  You put far more on the -- table than anyone can conceivably eat.  Is that? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  If you don't like your guest you don't put anything.   (LAUGHTER) UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  And here we have kuftah (ph), which is a large meatball.   BOURDAIN (voice over):  Kuftah tamrisi (ph):  Ground beef, onion, and cooked rice.  Walnuts, dried apricots, boiled egg and barberries.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Anyway, we are a very interesting nation.   BOURDAIN (voice over):  And very confusing.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Extremely confusing.   BOURDAIN:  The contradictions are just.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Enormous.   BOURDAIN:  Enormous.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Iranians we take you to our house, and we take you to our hearts.  And now - and in that way we are extreme.  You know, we are extremists in so many ways.   BOURDAIN:  You see this tortured relationship between America and Iran for many years.  How do you think most Americans will react when they see this?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  They will start coming.   (LAUGHTER) UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  It is very important for as Iranians to get sure - to make sure that we are seen as humans here, not the so-called enemy or the darkness of Iran.  You know, like you go to anybody's house in Iran, and I am sure they will welcome you.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  The axis of evil.  We are not the axis of evil. Just normal evil like everybody else.   (LAUGHTER) UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Ten years ago Iran was, people they had hope for future, young people.  They wanted to travel.  They had a little bit of money.  But because of sanctions.  This sanction really squeeze everybody.  Eight years, no foreign investment here.  And so it was very difficult time. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Terrible.  Terrible. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  And, in the population is really young.  70 percent are under 35.  And the thing is, they do - much more than what they have now.  They want to have good job, they want to - you know, have families, but is not possible now for them.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  I hope we can have more faith in the ordinary Americans, because every little change in the policy of the Western country, it really, really affects our lives here.   BOURDAIN:  The Milad Tower.  Iran's tallest building and the symbol of national pride.  It rises 1,000 feet in the air and looks out at all Tehran and beyond. We were out on the observation deck taking it all in, trying to make some sense of it all.  Our time in Iran was coming to an end and it was impossible to say, was a window opening?  Or was it only a moment in time before it shut again? You learn pretty quickly that in Iran, there is plenty of gray area. An undefined territory.  Where is the line?  It seems to change with barely a moment's notice.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  OK.  Here it comes.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  This isn't the first time that we have experienced such thing.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Stay away from the glass. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Please follow me. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Please stop filming. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  Last day in Iraq.  Night falls, and the kids, like kids anywhere, get in their rides and head for somewhere they can hang out. (on camera):  Amazing ... (CROSSTALK) BOURDAIN:  American classics here.  Where do you get them?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Old men.  Old people, yeah. BOURDAIN:  Right.  And then fix them up?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  Mustang?  Camaro.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Camaro.  BOURDAIN:  Firebird?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Pontiac.   BOURDAIN:  That's a perfect L.A. car right there.  (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  Is this a car club or is this people just come?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  We hang out this way.  These are our friends. BOURDAIN:  Well, I call back for little delivery. (voice over):  One last thing everyone has been telling me I have to try.  Iranian take-out pizza. (on camera):  It comes with ketchup.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  What do you think about Iranian pizza?  BOURDAIN:  Not bad.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Not bad.   BOURDAIN:  We don't put ketchup on pizza, though.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I love ketchup.   BOURDAIN (voice over):  I could spend my youth, pretty much, doing this.  Hanging out in a parking lot?  (on camera):  Let's assume the worst.  Let's assume that you cannot see any way to reconcile what you think of Iran with your own personal beliefs.  You just generally don't approve.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yeah.   BOURDAIN:  I think those are exactly the sort of places you should go.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Totally.   BOURDAIN:  See who we're talking about and where we're talking about here.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I think it's almost un-American not to go to those places.  You know?  BOURDAIN:  I don't know that I can put it in any kind of perspective. I feel deeply conflicted.  Deeply confusing, exhilarating, heartbreaking, beautiful place.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yeah.  Exactly.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  American cars are crazy.   BOURDAIN:  American cars are crazy and they're fun. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  All I can tell you is, Iran I've seen on TV and read about in the papers, it's a much bigger picture.  Let's put it this way. It's complicated. (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  After ten weeks, Yeganeh was finally released.  But as I read these lines, Jason remains a prisoner.  His future, the reasons for their arrest, are still unknown.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  One, two, three!  BOURDAIN:  Thank you, guys. UNIDENTIFIED MALES:  Thank you.  Thank you, sir. BOURDAIN:  We'll see you.   END ANTHONY BOURDAIN, CNN HOST:  There's no place else even remotely like it.  Everything great and all the world's ills, all in one glorious, messed up magical maddening magnificent city.  Beirut.  It's good to be back. The Mediterranean Sea itself trembles.  The ground shakes beneath the wheels of our heavy metal thunder.  Back in Beirut, after all these years.  The first time I was here did not end well but it made no difference to me.  I love it here.  In spite of everything, I love it here. Nice ride.  It's a good way to see Beirut. RAMSEY SHORT:  This is very similar to that place we went to years ago, Baba (ph). BOURDAIN:  Right. SHORT:  This is Reddick(ph).  This is your, you know, traditional chicken sandwich shawarma. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Deep fry it broast. BOURDAIN:  The broasted chicken was this guy's idea, my British Lebanese friend born to be wild Ramsey Short who I met in the bad old days of 2006.  Apparently he's in with the Lebanese chapter of the Harley Davidson group, or HOG for short.  So when you roll into some religiously conservative villages on these monster bikes and leather jackets what's the reaction? UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Two types.  Once we were pelted with rice from the balcony.  And they thought we were like a wedding or something really nice.  And the other extreme was stones like on the wheels like just get out of here. BOURDAIN:  Really? UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Yeah. BOURDAIN:  I wouldn't throw stones at people on Harleys.  Whoa.  Look at this. SHORT:  Let's dig in. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  The food. BOURDAIN:  Get now to work. UNIDENTIFED MALE:  And this is a famous neighborhood of the city. This area, there was central during the civil war. UNIDENTIFED MALE:  Yeah. BOURDAIN:  The sheer volume of fire that was poured into some of these buildings is absolutely unbelievable. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.  So, many battles happened on the same place over... BOURDAIN:  Over and over and over and over again. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Over again. BOURDAIN:  Clearly. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I notice this every time someone visiting the city they just point at that.  Look at that.  But you know, we don't see them anymore.  And we just pass by them. BOURDAIN:  Beirut, seemingly the world in miniature.  18 religious sects recognized.  More than 2 million Christians, over a 1.5 million Shiites, a 1.5 million Sunni, nearly 500,000 Palestinians and now by some estimates as many as 2 million Syrians, all living and somehow getting along, kind of, in a country the size of Connecticut. [21:05:15] But along its borders the country has what you might call serious neighbor issues.  ISIS in Syria threatening to expand its so called caliphate into Lebanon.  ISIS in many ways is something we've never really seen before.  It's really large, well-organized, well- equipped terrorist army. UNIDENTIFED MALE:  Lebanon stayed Zebeck refugees are nearly two years now.  The country simply can't take any more. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  A quarter of Lebanon's population is now Syrian. That is the equivalent to the U.S. taking in 83 million Syrians. BOURDAIN:  This could be spiraling and if you said the real fear is that violence across the border, these Syrians boiling out, spilling over into an already neighbor now. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Beirut struggles to put a lid on the simmering sectarian tensions. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  The aftermath of that happening in Beirut as well some of the flashes that took place. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  The exchange of gun fire is heated in Shia as two Palestinian brothers were shot. BOURDAIN:  Here block by block you see the scars from the 15 year Civil War that only ended in the '90s but also nightclubs, discos, beaches, bikinis where much of the Arab world comes to let their hair down.  It is an incongruous mix. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  All these hiding within them fear that violence is the beginning. BOURDAIN:  The Burj el-Barajneh neighborhood has long been the home to principally Palestinian refugees but more recently it's become a refuge for Syrians fleeing the barrel bombs of President al-Assad on one hand and the predations of ISIS on the other. The camp saw heavy fighting, shelling and outright massacres during the religious conflict known as the Lebanese Civil war.  Everywhere you see posters representing a full menu of political factions and affiliations from al-Assad loyalists to the PLO to every flavor of extremist. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  A victory for jihad of equity or martyrism. BOURDAIN:  Do you know of any other place in the region where all of these groups are co-existing within a confined space? NICK PATON WALSH, CNN SENIOR INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT:  It is stunning to be walking down the street with high knee short skirts and busting on some red wine flowing and then drive straight into an extraordinarily conservative down Shiite district.  That's below our district.  He suspects the bomb by bought the West coast terrorist organization.  It is kind of mind blowing. BOURDAIN:  I am not a geopolitical expert and as much time as I spent in this part of the world I spent nowhere near the amount of time this guy has, Nick Paton Walsh, CNN senior international correspondent. WALSH:  Most of the groups here are now more terrified of those some crazy Islamic radicals across the border in Syria than they ever have been of each other. BOURDAIN:  What do we call this neighborhood, what is it? WALSH:  It's now one of the Calgarian mixed refugee areas that Beirut has. BOURDAIN:  Close to 2 million people from Syria alone. WALSH:  Yeah. BOURDAIN:  That's a hell of a lot to be absorbed by a tiny little nation of what 4.5 million? WALSH:  Well it's just loads of people.  Focus on many people with nowhere to go.  You see it in how cell phones don't sometimes work the way they should.  He brought the sheer water at their home as hot bad infrastructure of this also district.  And she is a mount and is also. BOURDAIN:  We'll follow you. NAJEM, ENGLISH TEACHER :  OK.  Well the first time in the history, a Palestinian leads American.  That's nice. WALSH:  Don't let the neighbors know about that. NAJEM:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  In Syria, Mr. Najem was an English teacher. [21:10:02] Needless to say he had at one time a better life back there. NAJEM:  I came from Syria.  After the civil war started... WALSH:  Yeah. NAJEM:  ... there.  We all live in a house with many, many problems. Sectarian problems and we don't want to add more problems for those people.  But what can we do?  We live here in this camp.  Imagine the situation here.  It is unbelievable. He is married by the way and he has three kids.  And despite his wounds he works in an construction.  This family bought this wood in order to protect house from the rats.  These children need medical operation but this family can't pay for those operations because they are expensive.  They are waiting for to do.  They wait for nothing. They wait for the help of God. BOURDAIN:  Straining under the weight of all of these unasked for guests the Lebanese government has begun making it very difficult for them. NAJEM:  He doesn't work only because he doesn't have an official residence so he can't leave the camp.  Otherwise he will be arrested. BOURDAIN:  Being stopped at any of the city's ubiquitous military check points could mean a one way ticket back to Syria, trapped, unable to work, they exist invisibly on the margins of society. NAJEM:  You know, who put those here.  This is military area.  You don't want to get involved in any problem. BOURDAIN:  Syrian food? NAJEM:  This is Syrian.  It is called the seven countries.  It consists of many kinds of vegetables, seven kinds of food.  But this thing that's in Syria, most of them are well-educated doctors, engineers, lawyers, teachers. WALSH:  But here now it's the opposite, right? NAJEM:  Here in Lebanon even if you were a doctor or a lawyer or a teacher, you can work only in the camp.  We don't know how to go, where to go, to go back to Syria. BOURDAIN:  No camel? NAJEM:  To cross the sea. BOURDAIN:  Yeah. NAJEM:  Suppose that there is authority collect us and to throw us away to Syria.  What is going to happen?  We have no area in the world.  We have no place in this universe.  We belong to nowhere. Nowhere. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Welcome at in Lebanon.  Hello. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [21:16:08] BOURDAIN:  Once known as the Paris of the Middle East, Beirut still clings to its glamorous 1960's image, a chic tourist destination where you can famously ski and go to the beach all in the same day.  Walking at corniche it's easy to forget, for a moment anyway, what's going on not far from here? MO, LOCAL SECURITY SPECIALIST:  All the people who live here it is of course safe preferred.  This is endless.  Someday outside their houses and this is one of their traditional places.  This is the way I lived all my life. BOURDAIN:  Mo is a local security specialist on assignment to keep well, me and my crew safe from harm.  He lives with his daughter, Lushra (ph) and his family in Ras, Beirut, a mixed neighborhood of Christians, Muslims and Jews. Little oil in the middle it's I recall, yes? MO:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  So good.  Very good fish.  I missed this country.  I really did. MO:  You have been here before? BOURDAIN:  This is my third time.  My first time was 2006.  We came here, we had two perfect days and then the war broke out.  During my first trip here in 2006, Hezbollah guerillas killed three Israeli soldiers and captured two others in a cross border raid.  In the 34- day war that followed, much of Beirut was heavily pounded by bombs and naval artilleries. I fell in love with the city.  Under the worst possible situation, you have this really extraordinary mix of religions and people.  How is that?  Why?  What's so special about it? Why? MO:  Of course, somebody on Friday go to pray, somebody on Sunday go to pray.  But they go to the same restaurant and have the same food has the same drink.  They have the same tradition. LUSHRA, MO'S DAUGHTER:  There is no place better than Lebanon.  You have everything.  People are friendly.  Beautiful, fantastic. BOURDAIN:  It is a Democracy here. MO:  Of course.  You have choice to sit down and talk.  I like this. I don't like this. BOURDAIN:  So what's in look like now? MO:  You know, we looked like we are two months before 2006. BOURDAIN:  Wow, that's not good. MO:  Tension is a little bit high but the people, they are very happy, you know, we are very happy.  I go with my family outside. BOURDAIN:  I was watching the news last night in the hotel, it is genuinely terrifying. MO:  This is Lebanon.  It's raining today, tomorrow is sunny.  It's happening all the time.  You'll get used to it. BOURDAIN:  You get used to it.  Are you concerned or optimistic? LOSHRA:  No, I'm optimistic.  Yeah. BOURDAIN:  Do your friends feel the same way? LOSHRA:  Not really.  Not all. BOURDAIN:  Really, your friends are less optimistic? LOSHRA:  Yeah. MO:  We have only one good neighbor that don't affect us. BOURDAIN:  Yeah. MO:  It helped us all the time, if were sick.  He brings the fish and we have fish.  And he never get upset from us. [21:26:24] UNIDENTIFED MALE:  I'm back. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  We are. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  (Speaking in Foreign Language) We are back in the hiz-ouse. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I'm there too. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yeah.  This is radio Beirut. UNIDENTIFED MALE:  (Speaking in Foreign Language) BOURDAIN:  Is that quite, yes.  Yes, I think it is.  Ironic glasses, vintage clothing and neck beards.  It appears the Brooklyn strain has spread even to Beirut. TINO, SYRIAN FILIPINO RAPPER:  Radio Beirut.  Live and direct. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It is the CNN and everything. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  CNN has become the most trusted name in news. Same way a broken clock is trusted to be right twice a day. TINO:  CNN changed their slogan from this is CNN to at least it's not Fox news. BOURDAIN:  How is it possible this mix of religions and cultures? TINO:  You know, geographically how it is Beirut so tiny.  You got mountains, you got the Sea.  We're surrounded and then there's so many factions that you have to deal with everybody. I'm going tricky ham in this fit.  That hell he'll if he give.  Now happens that let us that but if it's a lasagna is this shit.  Now where is the bread?  Where do here is what hinges first thing that think at home as well as low for standards get to his death.  Where is the whole where is the wealth.  Syria both the easy and shield they needn't not know that we need his help... BOURDAIN:  Syrian Filipino rapper, Tino.   TINO:  Monday is hip hop at radio Beirut.  At radio Beirut it is like a really awesome place where there's live bands playing all week long. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  We created a platform for emcees to try their skills in front of people without the prejudice, without the judgments and although we do judge but we don't make fun of them.   BOURDAIN:  Lebanese free style legend Hussein, aka, AA, the preacher man.  You were arrested?   HUSSEIN, LEBANESE FREE STYLE LEGEND, A.K.A. AA The Preacher Man: Yeah, yeah yeah.  That's normal.  That's not the first time it happened. BOURDAIN:  Where?  What? HUSSEIN:  And basically I was profiled.  I give there's an explosion, all the big dude with the beard who is bald. BOURDAIN:  Right. HUSSEIN:  As if they get it we're 100 percent sure. BOURDAIN:  These are beard related issues. HUSSEIN:  Yup. TINO:  Yeah. BOURDAIN:  Let's hear the hip hop? HUSSEIN:  That's the glue that binds us. BOURDAIN:  What is it about hip hop? HUSSEIN:  I see it like this.  I mean a lot of people doing well and all because call them well and which is it's a traditional rhyming scheme where each is speak about their problems, about their beefs. It's in our core to be poetic.  We are poetic.   TINO:  I come from what the background where you have governments that are dictators and we can't really voice anything. These politicians can't believe because they're getting lit on.  So the slaughter on this moth is trying to keep the lit on.  Fresh is makes this wheel get the boost that lit off and were robbed, were robbed, were robbed. We're trying to find our own identity.  We don't want to be like our ancestors always fighting each other.  Like these Christian, he's Shia, I'm Syrian Sunni, that's nothing.  You know, we don't even mention that when we're on stage. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [21:28:10] BOURDAIN:  Afternoon in Beirut in Haffa's (ph) family, like many others across the city, prepares dinner. UNIDENTIFED MALE:  (Speaking in Foreign Language) BOURDAIN:  Extraordinary spread of food. HAFFA (ph):  Yeah.  All this food, you see, and my family is kind because he want to go to Burger Kings.  He wants some chicken burger from Burger King. BOURDAIN:  Well, thank you so much for having me in your home. HAFFA:  This is sweet potato.  We call it patata hara.  Deep fried potato with red pepper, green chili, Morinda, garlic and lemon juice. And this is Kibbeh Nayyeh which is a raw meat, lamb, fresh mint, thin onion.  Mix it all together.  And this is as a main course.  It's called Moussaka.  Minced meat, baked over gin, green and red pepper and chick peas and tomato and tomato paste.  Please help yourself. BOURDAIN:  Thank you.  I was in Beirut in 2006 this neighborhood was hit very hard. HAFFA:  Yeah. BOURDAIN:  Were you here at that time? HAFFA:  Yeah.  It was dust.   BOURDAIN:  Why this neighborhood? HAFFA:  Because the people of this area 99 percent, they support Hezbollah. UNIDENTIFED MALE:  As Israel buries its dead from a surprise is via missile strike at the radical Shiite group celebrates a victory.  The rhetorical both side is at a fever pitch right now. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It is the deadliest Hezbollah attack against the Israeli forces since the two sides went to war in 2006. [21:30:03] BOURDAIN:  Hezbollah means the "Party of God".  They are a Shia military political organization lavishly supported by Iran.  The party is more powerful, more effective on the ground than the Lebanese Army. The United States officially designates them a terrorist organization. In 1983, they did this, the U.S. embassy bombing.  And this, the Marine barracks at Beirut's airport, 299 United States and French servicemen were killed. HAFFA:  All the people are Hezbollah. Please put it down now. BOURDAIN:  They are dangerous.  They are well funded.  And whatever else they may be, they are not stupid. HAFFA:  In 2006, I have two sisters they lost their house (ph). Hezbollah take care of them.  Here everybody support Hezbollah, even the people who are not religious for one reason, because they feel protected by them. BOURDAIN:  My host's support for Hezbollah, typical of Dahiyeh neighborhood in South Beirut, is staunch. HAFFA:  Before Hezbollah, Lebanese before they were always scared of Israel.  Now when you say, Israel, you say, ha, ha.  We don't care. BOURDAIN:  In the early days Hezbollah used tactics that just about anyone would call a terrorism.  When is it permissible morally to use a car bomb or using civilian targets? HAFFA:  For me? BOURDAIN:  For you? HAFFA:  I'm against killing.  Against killing anybody, even Israel. This person who I'm going to kill, a car bomb or whatever, doesn't he has family. BOURDAIN:  What's the most important thing happening in the world today that needs to be resolved for things to be better? HAFFA:  ISIS. BOURDAIN:  ISIS is number one? HAFFA:  Number one.  They kill hundreds and thousands of Shiites. They are devils.  They are against everything like everything on the earth they are against. BOURDAIN:  Recently Hezbollah has become heavily involved in the war in Syria, in defense of the Assad regime.  Complicating matters and uncomfortably enough, they are probably the best organized, best- equipped, most serious obstacle to ISIS and al-Qaeda in the area. HAFFA:  Most of the villages in the East of Lebanon, they are Christian and they are Sunni. BOURDAIN:  Right. HAFFA:  If Hezbollah wasn't there, it was no more Christian in that area.  This is the only reason they're gone.  This is the only reason for just to protect my children and my wife. BOURDAIN:  20 years, 30 years? HAFFA:  Yeah. BOURDAIN:  Will things be better? HAFFA:  I hope so.  Of that 20 years and 30 years, I hope now, next year, things goes I hope.  I hate war. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [21:37:31] BOURDAIN:  The last two times I've been here, there is just this never-ending building boom.  Nobody seems to be moving in but the buildings are going up. JOUMANA HADDAD, POET & CULTURE EDITOR, AN NAHAR:  Yeah. BOURDAIN:  Who is buying these apartments?  Who are they four? HADDAD:  Two kinds of people, Lebanese, who are living abroad, or Arabs, especially from the Gulf Region. BOURDAIN:  Right, for whom Beirut is a relatively liberal wonderland or permissiveness compared to Riyadh, for instance. HADDAD:  Compared to Riyadh, yes.  But, unfortunately, we cannot generalize this and say that Beirut is a place where sexual expression is encouraged. BOURDAIN:  Her books are banned in many countries in the region.  She is regularly threatened with rape, stoning and murder.  She is Joumana Haddad, culture editor of Lebanon's biggest newspaper, "An Nahar." HADDAD:  Yesterday, I had my first T.V. show about sexual freedom and you cannot imagine how many house doors have opened just because I dared say that girls are allowed in sexuality like boys.  And we pretend -- we pretend to be a democracy. This is Gufta (ph) BOURDAIN:  Gufta (ph)? HADDAD:  Yes, with yogurt sauce and cranberries. BOURDAIN:  That the fried.  Stuffed grape, please? HADDAD:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  The fact that Lebanon and Beirut, in particular, works at all.  If all of these religious groups have different interests, I mean, this is a fully functioning, more or less, by world standards. HADDAD:  Fully functioning? BOURDAIN:  Yeah, this is a... HADDAD:  We don't have a president.  It's been almost -- going to be a year now that we are without one. BOURDAIN:  It's sort of awesome. HADDAD:  Don't you think that the main reason behind you seeing this as a thrilling, exciting place to live in is that you're a visitor and not someone who actually lives here? BOURDAIN:  Am I wrong to love this place? HADDAD:  You're not wrong to love it.  I love living on the tip of a volcano, but there has to be some point where I can breathe and relax. I don't want to seem like I'm only criticizing because I really also, as much as I hate this place, I love it as well.  And I know that it's also very precious to have such a kind of freedom in a place in the Arab world like Beirut. I don't need to tell you about Islamic State.  Even though they are not inside Beirut yet, we can feel the threat. [21:40:02] We can feel it every day. BOURDAIN:  Should people come here? HADDAD:  Yes, definitely.  They should come.  They will enjoy it as much as you have.  I wouldn't advise them to stay more than a month, though. MICHEL ELEFTERIADES:  I often go to the Daniel events and I asked in that to call me your highness.  I love that.  That's magic.  So I go there and I am dress like an emperor.  I'm not today but -- so sometimes I dress like an emperor. BOURDAIN:  There have been two attempts on your life I guess? ELEFTERIADES:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  That you're aware of. ELEFTERIADES:  Yes, two attempts.  In Arabic we say that (inaudible). It means that the third one succeeds.  So I don't know when the third one will be. BOURDAIN:  You're young militant and an activist, a labor organizer? You have been arrested in your life? ELEFTERIADES:  Yes, many times.  When I was 14 years old for example I became a communist in the Phrygian that was under control of the extreme right wing militia.  I ended up in a torture room that I declare to be it just behind you. BOURDAIN:  Later after joining and then leaving the Lebanese army, Michel Elefteriades formed the NUR, an armed of revolutionary group. And yet here you are your life now is music and culture? ELEFTERIADES:  I think that I was made to be a musician but when war happened in Lebanon I took a gun.  I understood that I cannot face someone who's attacking my house with the guitar. BOURDAIN:  In 2003, by now a music producer, entrepreneur, politician, artist, author and film maker, he founded the Beirut Musical in a bullet popped theater empty since the civil war.  This is his kingdom. ELEFTERIADES:  Some people come because it's trendy.  They come with the sexy ladies.  Some come because they like to discover new things. We have per night up to 15 acts, each act coming from a different culture. BOURDAIN:  Who needs culture? ELEFTERIADES:  I think that culture can save the world.  ISIS towards these criminals who are not very far from Lebanon, someone who had interesting books, someone to listen to beautiful music cannot become an animal again. BOURDAIN:  If you were the emperor of the world, hypothetically. ELEFTERIADES:  Hopefully. BOURDAIN:  Hopefully, what would Beirut be like in 10 years? ELEFTERIADES:  Best case scenario it goes back to before the creation of separate when all communities were living very well.  The Jewish would be back.  We are -- the Jewish neighborhood here.  I think that we have all to be united to fight this monster, ISIS.  Once that the monster is defeated you can start arguing again about other things. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [21:48:27] BOURDAIN:  Hello. ROAN:  Hello. BOURDAIN:  How you doing?  I'm Tony. ROAN:  I'm Roan (ph), nice to meet you. BOURDAIN:  This feels very formal. ROAN:  Yeah. BOURDAIN:  But it's not so please relax. ROAN:  I am relaxed.  Can I get my beer? BOURDAIN:  By all means, yes please. ROAN:  Lots of people come here.  They are mostly musicians and artist people.  Lots of jamming happens here and it's like we're a family hanging out. BOURDAIN:  This cafe is a typical Beirut establishment but the clients tell from Lebanon, from Syria and any number of other countries.  The owners are both Lebanese and Syrian and acutely aware of the tricky political realities with which they must live. They were concerned about us filming here and wanted us to understand  clearly that the cafe has no political affiliation and that the opinions of this young lady, Roan are not that of the cafe or necessarily even the clientele. You were born and breed in Syria? ROAN:  I was -- yes.  I was born and brought up in Syria, Damascus. One night, 3:00 a.m. the army entered our house and I found them in my bedroom looking for the free Syrian army.  My dad knew he couldn't protect us because he was old.  Three hours later we decided to leave, so we came to Beirut. BOURDAIN:  Oh, thank you. ROAN:  We always eat here.  Grape leaves is my favorite. BOURDAIN:  I saw you went for that first. ROAN:  Yeah. BOURDAIN:  It's delicious. ROAN:  Yeah it is.  We come here a lot and we talk a lot about Syria. [21:50:01] We talk about our visa issues most of the time.  Actually now I have four months left and I really have no idea what am I going to do? BOURDAIN:  What do you think?  Will they renew your visa? ROAN:  So far, I don't think so. BOURDAIN:  Do they arrest you?  Do they take you to the border or they take you over the other side?  What -- well, does that... ROAN:  They send you back to Syria. BOURDAIN:  What happens if you go back to Syria? ROAN:  Most probably die on the way or some people get arrested or be taken into the army. BOURDAIN:  How different is Damascus from Beirut? ROAN:  Oh, it's really, really different.  In Damascus I was always afraid of the government.  Some people died because they cursed the president.  I left Syria and I found hope here and I screamed in the streets, cursing all politicians and everything.  It's all right. Nobody's going to come and arrest you.  I really love this place, with all my heart. BOURDAIN:  Is all of the chaos and the violence worth it for change, is that worth dying for?  I mean, things were, there was order when you grew up.  There was order. ROAN:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  No freedom, but order.  Would you go back to that? ROAN:  I don't think that there is anything worthy in the world of a human blood.  There is nothing more important than human being. BOURDAIN:  You'd never be able to yell out loud.  You've never be able to do the things you're doing now.  You'd go back. ROAN:  I was alive. BOURDAIN:  You were alive. ROAN:  Lot of people were alive too. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [21:55:52] UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  One day after a shocking daylight bombing in Lebanon, they're seeing wide spread anger and finger pointing. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  This blast has set off a tide of civil unrest in Lebanon. BOURDAIN:  Ramsey, how you been? SHORT:  I've been all right.  I've been well. BOURDAIN:  We are better for capitalist imperialist pig dogs like Ramsey and myself to spend the last evening in Beirut than Abu Ely. SHORT:  It was opened by a guy called Naya.  He is a atheist member of the Lebanese, communist party. BOURDAIN:  A communist themed bar located in a housing block. What is this? SHORT:  You know what?  I'm not sure.  It's been put in front of us. BOURDAIN:  Well, we should probably drink it and figure it out. SHORT:  Yeah, let's do it.  Why not? BOURDAIN:  Vodka. SHORT:  Vodka. BOURDAIN:  You know, actually I had somebody who lives here tell me, oh yeah, place is great.  Just don't stay here longer than a month. SHORT:  Yeah. BOURDAIN:  And I was like, what?  Oh, you know, you're trying to kill us now.  And who is this man?  He's trying to hurt us. SHORT:  Cheers. BOURDAIN:  After more than a few indigenous beverages, oh, Raqqa (ph). So now we're talking.  Cheers. SHORT:  Cheers. BOURDAIN:  Enter Ernesto. ERNESTO: Hey, hey, Tony.  Hey, I got something for you. BOURDAIN:  Oh, yeah? ERNESTO:  It's a Cuban cigar. BOURDAIN:  And the words of Vladimir Ilyich Lenin, let's get the party started, or is that Rick James? SHORT:  Ernesto is the son of the owner of this bar. BOURDAIN:  I know. ERNESTO:  This is my mom and she made some shanklish here. BOURDAIN:  Oh. SHORT:  Shanklish is the cheese. ERNESTO:  It's kind of rotten cheese. BOURDAIN:  There we go. SHORT:  Cheers. ERNESTO:  I called my dad. BOURDAIN:  Yeah. ERNESTO:  I told him there's a guy called Tony, CNN.  He said "I don't watch CNN" and then I told him but he's a cool guy.  He wants to make the best food for you. SHORT:  This is some of the best in Beirut. BOURDAIN:  Is it a lamb? ERNESTO:  And spices. BOURDAIN:  Oh, man, that's good.  Hypothetical question, ISIS are coming now, are we picking up a gun or not? SHORT:  I pick a gun. ERNESTO:  Yeah, we will fight these people. BOURDAIN:  We'll done like this. ERNESTO:  No, we have to have it. BOURDAIN:  Zip, stuff, stock. ERNESTO:  Yeah, make stuff. BOURDAIN:  I seem to remember mom at one point whipping out some kind of automatic weapon. All right, here you go, big guy. RAMSEY:  I will take this up in arms and I will fight. ERNESTO:  Let me tell you how... SHORT:  I will.  I will. BOURDAIN:  And in the mirror of all descended from the ceiling, Bootsy Collins came over the sound system and the rest is a fog. SHORT:  Let's first have a cheers. ERNESTO:  (Inaudible). BOURDAIN:  This is probably -- this is the worst neighbor problems in the world.  It's amazing that it persists. ERNESTO:  You know what, I've been around in that same place.  This place works fine. BOURDAIN:  I think so, too. SHORT:  Cheers to Tony, man. BOURDAIN:  Beirut, everybody should come here.  Everyone should see how complicated, how deeply troubled and yet at the same time beautiful and awesome the world can be. Everyone should experience even as the clouds gather what's at stake, what could be lost, what's still here, and never let that hope go. Beirut, there is no place like it. [22:00:10] (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [21:00:25] ANTHONY BOURDAIN, CNN HOST:  The south is not a monolith.  There are pockets of weirdness, awesomeness, and then there's Charleston, where for some time now important things have been happening with food.  A lot of them having to do with these guys. What are we drinking?  There are beer we've got harder stuff?  What's going on? SEAN BROCK, EXECUTIVE CHEF, HUSK RESTAURANT:  I usually go with a Budweiser and a Jagermeister. BOURDAIN:  Budweiser and Jagermeister.  So any notion of going local right out the window. BROCK:  Two Jagers. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Now I know.  I know. BOURDAIN:  Yeah, two Jagers.  Cheers. BROCK:  Cheers.  The first one's never good.  The first one is never good.  But it gets easier after the first one. BOURDAIN:  So, look, this is not my first time to Charleston as you know.  I did do a show here before, and I'm still thinking in about it.  Apparently I really stop the first time I came here, because I made a number of errors.  Apparently, none more egregious than going out or like doing oyster roast and drinking champagne. BROCK:  I never heard of such a thing.  Well, champagne and beers is OK with the oysters. BOURDAIN:  Right.  So you ask what -- it must have been a place off. BROCK:  And there so many got -- yet confused somewhere. BOURDAIN:  Yeah, anyway, I got it wrong.  This time I'm getting it right which is why I've come to you. You can be forgiven for underestimating Sean Brock first time you meet him.  I know I did.  I saw a scruffy looking dude in a trucker cap who always seem to have a bottle of really good bourbon on hand. BROCK:  Start so well in 1991, 18 years old.  This is the end of great whiskey.  It didn't come in this bottle.  This is my travel bottle, because it's plastic, you see, so it don't breaks when you get rowdy. BOURDAIN:  It took me a little time to discover the ferocious intellect, the inquiring nature, the uniquely focus and purposeful talent to the man, without a doubt one of America's most important chefs.  A guy who's redefining what -- not just southern cooking is, was, and can be, but American cooking as a whole. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  One, two, three! BOURDAIN:  We're going to talk a lot about this over the next week about the notions of universal awesomeness.  Is the waffle house universally awesome? BROCK:  We have one choice for late-night eating and it's the waffle house.  And they create this environment where no matter how blitzed you are or how normal you are, you are welcomed and treated equally with an experience.  It's not just like, you know, eating a plate of food. BOURDAIN:  You're talking about all, the magical spiritual place. BROCK:  It's beyond a magical, spiritual place. BOURDAIN:  It is indeed marvelous.  An irony free zone where everything is beautiful and nothing hurts for everybody regardless of race, creed, color, or degree of inebriation is welcomed. [2:05:11] It's warm yellow glow, a beacon of hope and salvation inviting the hungry, the lost, the seriously hammered all across the south to come inside, a place of safety and nourishment.  It never closes.  It is always, always faithful, always there for you. BROCK:  When I was a kid, I was obsessed with this place because I wanted to be a chef.  And this is the only place that I'd ever been to right, I actually watched people cook.  Well this was actions to me. That would seem these people cooking at a pace and cooking for people who were completely out of control, but still providing hospitality. It was one of the things that really helped me fall in love with cooking. BOURDAIN:  Waffle house. BROCK:  Yes and cook, cook, cook, cook. BOURDAIN:  I never really know about this.  I'm unbelievably in spite of my world travels, new to the wonders of the waffle house and unfamiliar with its ways.  The terminology, for instance is new to me. Now, I'm looking at my hash brown and I am already confused and enticed. BROCK:  Anything. BOURDAIN:  This, sausage gravy. BROCK:  You can't go all in, if you want everything. BOURDAIN:  I know I need to make a choice. BROCK:  So there's a balance.  And then when you find your balance, you memorize it. BOURDAIN:  Help me. BROCK:  I go scattered covered smothered chunks. BOURDAIN:  Which means I gather scattered on the griddle, heaped with brown onions, cheese, and chunks of hickory smoked ham. BROCK:  That's my style like, I've been doing that since day one.  And I didn't even know what that means. BOURDAIN:  You know what I know, I don't want waffles at the waffle house. BROCK:  Bullshit men, you have to have... BOURDAIN:  Waffles? BROCK:  Ah OK.  You have to call in waffle.  Now so what I advice as... BOURDAIN:  All right. BROCK:  ...as a chef is it, a tasting menu experience where you can sit down and really experience what this place does.  And you start out first thing you have, pecan waffle. BOURDAIN:  Really? UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  All right, gentlemen. BROCK:  Oh the pecan waffles.  Is crush it put (inaudible).  I wanted it to be swimming in syrup and hydrogenase vegetable oil. BOURDAIN:  Oh that's good.  That's good. BROCK:  See, you don't come here expecting the French Laundry.  You come here expecting something amazing. BOURDAIN:  This is better than the French Laundry man. BROCK:  And then second course.  Patty melt, split.  Oh. BOURDAIN:  Patty melt. BROCK:  Patty melt. BOURDAIN:  Oh. BROCK:  Come on.  That's not insanely delicious. BOURDAIN:  Oh god damn. BROCK:  Not insanely delicious. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  No meal is complete without a sunny side up egg. BOURDAIN:  Oh, yeah. BROCK:  And then a green salad with some thousand island dressing would be amazing.  Would you rather have thin-cut pork chops or T- bone? BOURDAIN:  I would like both. BROCK:  Heinz 57 is the best, man.  One or more complex sauces in the American repertoire. BOURDAIN:  Really? BROCK:  Do you want to talk shit about it.  This is sauce work.  Trust me, this is going to change your life. BOURDAIN:  Now that's wrong, man.  Come on. BROCK:  Mmm.  So is a brilliant human being got had a recipe, it was amazing and I think he got a bad rap. BOURDAIN:  Seems like you're talking about Ronald McDonald.  He had a good idea. You know, no, you're wrong.  I'm sorry.  Here's where we part ways, my friend.  Here's my sauce. After a few bites of waffle, a burger, a hunk of generic T-bone and some hash browns, one feels drawn right to the center of what makes our country great.  In America, yeah, moment, it dries me to climber up on the counter and start reciting Walt Whitman, the stars spangled banner, who say can you see, and, you know, what I doubt I'd be the first. Oh my god. BROCK:  Give me a break. BOURDAIN:  The umami have it.   BROCK:  Yes, yeah, give me a break. BOURDAIN:  You know what umami means in Japanese?  Actually, the literal transition of the umami. BROCK:  Orgasm? BOURDAIN:  No.  Umami means in Japanese, literally it means, "I will smock your, divide you in half." [21:10:07] That burger. BROCK:  You and you buy some pork chop. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  Everybody needs a place.  A community, something larger than one's self to care about to be part of.  A place to hide when times get tough, where you're accepted for who you are, where the rhythms of a summer afternoon, the crack of a bat, the roar of the crowd, our music. Behold the mighty Charleston RiverDogs, a minor league feeder team for the New York Yankees.  Meet one of the owners of the Charleston RiverDogs, Charleston resident, Bill Murray. BILL MURRAY, CHARLESTON RIVERDOGS CO-OWNER:  He said I had too many beers to drive.  I'm going to take shotgun. UNKNOWN MALE:  We're going to see how fast he can go all the way around the outfield. BOURDAIN:  Today, the RiverDogs are facing the evil forces of the dreaded Savannah Sand Gnats.   MURRAY:  That's going to score a run and that's going to leave a mark. We got the whole lead. BOURDAIN:  Bad day for the Sand Gnats. MURRAY:  You're hated, you're hated. BOURDAIN:  We will crush you like that, well, Sand Gnat. MURRAY:  Has Sand Gnat has almost no backbone, almost no skeletal structure.  They fold. BOURDAIN:  As difficult as it might have been to forego the joys of the bacon-wrapped foot long corn dog known as the pig on a stick, we knew we'd be coming here. [21:15:02] Husk, Sean's restaurant in downtown Charleston, one of two that have helped make the city a fine dining destination. So I want to know, southern living. It's very different up there and down here.  It's a big transition, easy for you, or not? MURRAY:  It's easy.  You know, I do driving was the real transition because I drive, like, in New York person and when you come here, driving like New York, you know.  It takes you a while to recover but, you know, I'm right on the edge here, like telling people that this is a really nice place to come and really I don't want anyone else to come.  I like it the way it is.  There's a lot of insects.  It's really, really hot in the summer.  And the traffic is worse than it ever was. BOURDAIN:  Husk directly addresses southern culinary traditions using the best of modern techniques, but always, always respecting the originals and who made them.  It's a pressing matter to redefine southern food.  If I were a southerner, I would, I would make it a personal mission because it was distorted for so long.  But as a northerner, why should northerners care? BROCK:  Well, I think if you look at the history of food in America. Well, there's no denying that southern food was the first.  There true cuisine that had this foundation and that's important to preserve and yeah, you know, to me both and it goes back to the idea.  It should be, you should be cooking and preserving and celebrating the food of your grandmother. MURRAY:  People take a real pride in their ability to cook my aunt's recipe, my grandma's recipe.  And this is how we made these.  And the standard of food here is so high that when I go around any place, I just go. BOURDAIN:  Country ham, bread and butter pickles, and, of course, Sean being Sean, there will be burden. BROCK:  I was like to start a meal with pickles and ham.  I try not to geek out too much, but this is a very special breed of pig that came over here in the 1500s.  It's called Ossabaw.  The Spaniards brought it.  It has a very particular flavor.  This one's aged three years. BOURDAIN:  That's ridiculously good.  That's the best American ham I've ever had. BOCK:  No, thank you. BOURDAIN:  By the way, that was unbelievable. BROCK:  These two things together, is my two favorite things in the whole entire world.  Spits in well in whiskey and old country ham.  So this is an old dish that I dug up in one of those old books that I study.  It's an old-fashioned oyster pie.  So just grab your spoon and just dig all the way down.  The oysters are in the bottom. BOURDAIN:  How old is this recipe?  BROCK:  It was well-documented in the 19th century, pre-civil war. BOURDAIN:  It's good. MURRAY:  Is it? BOURDAIN:  Yes. BROCK:  So shrimp and grits is the dish of Charleston.  I mean, it really is.  It's the dish I crave when I leave Charleston and come back.  This version is one of the older ones or we actually make hominy first by mixilizing (ph) the corn.  So you'll taste a little, the grits are a little bit different. BOURDAIN:  Oh, yes.  That's really great looking. BROCK:  Then we make a brown gravy which is the most classic way and on top, crispy pig ears. BOURDAIN:  You got grannies coming in saying I haven't tasted this since I was a little kid? BROCK:  Yeah, exactly, man. BOURDAIN:  Wow, it's good. BROCK:  We were trying to replicate the emotion of the southern food provides you in a time where good ingredients weren't available.  So we've made up for tasteless ingredients by frying them or dumping butter on them. BOURDAIN:  Right. BROCK:  Now we don't have to.   MURRAY:  Wow.  What's going on here?  This is an onslaught of awesomeness here. BROCK:  We didn't order this.  So it happens on so pit beans into the cooking over the fire all day.  [21:20:00] These are the red peas that came grills Africa.  This is the original Carolina gold rice.  Hand harvested with any grilled whiting which is like nobody eats in Charleston in restaurants as everybody eats in home with some spring vegetables it in.  And the suckling pig at the same breed Ossabaw as we had earlier with the ham, mixed with them on mule foot, cooked on a spit some creamed corn and corn bread. BOURDAIN:  Wow, well this is going to be my first mule foot. BROCK:  This is like my favorite way to eat, you know, just family- style, pass stuff around. BOURDAIN:  Yeah.  The rice is amazing. BROCK:  It's amazing. BOURDAIN:  Yep.  You see Bubba Gump, do you get angry? BROCK:  I am very angry. BOURDAIN:  For me, it's Chili's, because you see Chili's along the Mexican border.  Like what the (inaudible)?  I said we have a shortage of Mexicans in this money, does it get shortage of good food?  You're eating the chili's?  I really want to like pull up the car, get a tire iron, and walk in and just straighten some people out. BROCK:  Clean house.  Road House style. BOURDAIN:  Road House.  Vastly under rated film. MURRAY:  You guys are both into Road House? BOURDAIN:  Such a great film.  So easy, what else do we need to know? You can deconstruct this film forever.  The more you watch it, the more mysteries unfold. MURRAY:  I've never seen anyone enjoy Road House more than I do. BROCK:  What? MURRAY:  My friend's wife, Kelly Lynch, plays the doctor that stitches up Patrick Swayze in the movie.  She's the romantic interest, right? The unattainable... BOURDAIN:  Yes. MURRAY:  ... romantic interest.  And I have for the last, I don't know, probably about 25 years, called his home in the middle of the night and said, "You don't know me, but your wife's getting slammed up against the wall by Patrick Swayze.  She's not putting up much of a fight."  And then hang up. BOURDAIN:  It is in many ways a perfect film. BROCK:  It's a whiskey talking. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [21:26:24] BOURDAIN:  What is down home southern cooking?  Where did it come from?  Who's responsible?  Well, it's always useful when asking those kinds of questions wherever you are to ask, first, who did the cooking back then in the beginning?  Where did they come from? UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  When you meet people here, you know that you're seeing a direct descendant of a slave that was here after the slaves were freed. BOURDAIN:  Ashley Green (ph) grew up on Mosquito Beach on James Island in Charleston.  Her mother owns the property which has been in her family for generations.  Fact of the matter is, in the old south back when the dishes, flavors, and ingredients of southern cooking, which to say American cooking as opposed to European, chances are that food was grown, gathered, produced and prepared by African slaves. Chef BJ Dennis has made it a personal mission to celebrate and protect the culinary traditions his ancestors passed down to him. BJ DENNIS, CHEF:  Well, this some local blue crab, just fresh and seasoned. This is a play on some garlic crabs, well this is shrimp butter instead of the garlic butter.  And then you have that play, you know, the french influence into the cuisine right here. BOURDAIN:  The flavors and textures and food ways of West Africa are all over southern cooking.  And there are few better places to see how short the line between there and here than Gullah culture.  I'm really enjoying this.  I got to tell you. BROCK:  This is so delicious. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Oh, my god. BOURDAIN:  How African is traditional Gullah cooking? UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Well, I think what happens is you change the location of the people but you did not change who the people were. You did not change the information that they came with, with their traditions. BROCK:  Now, if you look at the history of American food, now, you'll quickly see that this is one of the first true cuisines of America. BOURDAIN:  Oh, what's that?  What is this?  This looks good. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  (Inaudible) West Africa. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  All right. [21:00:00]  ANTHONY BOURDAIN, PARTS UNKNOWN HOST:  Modern Turkey was founded in 1923 on the principles of secular, democratic statehood after centuries of empire. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It has been the most turbulent year in a decade of Turkey's political history. BOURDAIN:  Turkey has set a new course.  One that many hoped would carry it into the European Union.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  There's clearly a significant portion of the Turkish population that's not happy with the policies of the democratically elected government. BOURDAIN:  But things have changed.  They are changing. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  You get clashes erupting, demonstrators throwing rocks. BOURDAIN:  And what happens next has implications far beyond Turkey. It has been a turbulent year for Turkey.  And I arrived in Istanbul at the moment of a critical election.  The question on everyone's mind is whether the current president and his ruling party will win a large enough majority to change the constitution, potentially allowing him to stay in power indefinitely.  These have been good times for some. Particularly in the construction and development business.  And fearful ones for others.  They are particularly concerned about what happens next, for instance, in the Kurdish parts of town. AMBER LYON, FORMER CNN REPORTER:  Our polls are opening.  Turkey's voters choose a new parliament which could lead to big changes in the country's political system.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  The ruling justice and development party expected to take most of the seats. LYON:  But how much power the president actually has will be determined by the success or failure of the Kurdish party. BOURDAIN:  The HDP, originally a Kurdish political party, has sought to unite the disparate voices calling for change in response to 13 years of what has essentially been one-party rule by the AKP.  So history, whatever it might be, is about to happen. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Just in the past hour, polls have closed in the country's parliamentary elections. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Voters in Turkey have just shaken up the country's political landscape in a major way.  They said no to placing Recep Tayyip Erdogan in push for more power over the constitution. BOURDAIN:  The ruling AKP Party did not win the majority its president had hoped for.  In fact, they lost seats in parliament and for the first time, the pro-Kurdish party gained enough votes to earn a real voice in the government. [21:05:55] ESRA YALCINALP:  We are at the very tip of Istanbul next to the Black Sea, so the ships that are going by here, they're basically going to Russia. BOURDAIN:  I meet an old friend, Esra, for my first meal back in the country.  YALCINALP:  I know you like your fish with the head and tail. BOURDAIN:  I do.  This is perfect. YALCINALP:  I ordered some raki. BOURDAIN:  That makes me so happy. YALCINALP:  Yes, which is our national drink.  It's aniseed and... BOURDAIN:  I am familiar with this, all too familiar.  Cheers.  YALCINALP:  Welcome back.  BOURDAIN:  So since I last saw you, which was in 2000... YALCINALP:  Nine. BOURDAIN:  2009.  Wow, a long time ago.  Istanbul looks a little different than the last time I was here.  It looks a little more like every other city. YALCINALP:  Yeah.  Well, construction.  BOURDAIN:  There seems to be a lot of that going on. YALCINALP:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  Your president likes to build stuff today.  He like the pour concrete. YALCINALP:  He keeps the economy going.  Turkey's so much politicized since the last time you came.  Like after 2011, the daily life issues like how many children you should have, advising women not to laugh out loud in public, things like these were actually suggested by the government. BOURDAIN:  Right.  Do you think this is coming from genuine ideological religious place or is this some political calculation?  YALCINALP:  I think it's a genuine. BOURDAIN:  You're telling me that current leadership is, in his heart, is genuinely opposed to alcohol, women laughing in public? YALCINALP:  Maybe I don't feel comfortable answering that question. BOURDAIN:  Okay. Turkey's most famous politician, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, he is the power and has been the power in one form or another for more than a decade. He's the face of Turkey's ruling justice and development party, the AKP. Erdogan has in recent years made Islamist politics mainstream and while remaining very, very popular in this extremely polarized nation, cracked down hard on media, political opposition, free speech, and, of course, demonstrations. In 2013, the almost revolution in Turkey happened.  A protest to contest the proposed demolition of Istanbul's Gezi Park resulted in a brutal crackdown by the police.  In response, ordinary Turks unconnected by any particular ideology poured into the streets.  With the whole world watching on social media, they, too, were met with force. In the end, Erdogan remained firmly in control and there were repercussions for many who had supported the protests.  From that point on, media, social media, even open discussion of issues or events became treated as hostile acts by foreign enemies. Autocrats in general are not famous for their sense of humor so it's no surprise that comedians in Turkey like Deniz and her fiance, Khan (ph) walk a perilous lie. (FOREIGN LANGUAGE). BOURDAIN:  Are these good times to be a comedian in Turkey? KHAN:  It's definitely one of the best times because our former prime minister, support for a living. [21:10:03] DENIZ:  We don't use the names.  We just call him the greatness, you know. (FOREIGN LANGUAGE). KHAN:  I guess they are running the finals. BOURDAIN:  The finals. KHAN:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  All weight classes.  But it's basically Greco-Roman  wrestling.  Just you greased up.  As I understand you can't choke with two hands, only one. KHAN:  Yeah. DENIZ:  Because you can just slip your hand. BOURDAIN:  Right down into some greasy ass crack. DENIZ:  And grab (ph) looks that's fine. BOURDAIN:  That's OK. Tell me something.  I want to know what are the rules of the game. Turkish oil wrestling.  A big freaking salad covered with oiled men in leather pants giving each other spirited and prolonged reach-arounds. Oh, geez.  Can we get rights to the Barry White greatest hits record or Diana Ross "Love Hangover" or is that too obvious? I like to be respectful of ancient tradition, but I mean the jokes write themselves.  What, there's, like, ropes inside or handles? Where do I get a pair of those pants?  Those are some super freaky pants.  DENIZ:  And do you see the golden belts?  Look good. BOURDAIN:  Well look, it's got to be because the pants are awesome. Imagine what the belt looks like. (FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN:  Does he stop yelling at some point? (FOREIGN LANGUAGE) KHAN:  The announcer is called (inaudible). BOURDAIN:  Yeah.  KHAN:  And in slang, (inaudible) means person who talks too much. (FOREIGN LANGUAGE) KHAN:  It's too loud. (FOREIGN LANGUAGE) KHAN:  It's time for political end.  Lots changed since your last visit. BOURDAIN:  Obviously, the mood has changed a lot which is weird because everything seemed to be going so well.  Things seemed to be getting more tolerant. KHAN:  Tolerance level is so low these days.  BOURDAIN:  Right. KHAN:  People taking sides, don't like the other one.  These people don't like our kind. BOURDAIN:  So what happens if someone doesn't like your joke? Somebody in a powerful position does not like your comedy.  What happens?  DENIZ:  Depending on the degree how much he doesn't like you, how much he's offended. BOURDAIN:  Let's say he's really offended. DENIZ:  You go to jail.  Or being, you know, terrorist or... BOURDAIN:  Aiding and abetting the enemies of the state. DENIZ:  Yes.  Enemy of the state.  Being enemy of the state is most common thing you can do right now in Turkey. (FOREIGN LANGUAGE) DENIZ:  They're asking for more oil. BOURDAIN:  More oil.  (FOREIGN LANGUAGE) (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [21:17:01] BOURDAIN:  Building boom or building bubble.  Architect and city planner Murat Germen has been capturing Istanbul's construction boom with his camera.  He employs a unique method of compressing panoramas to create a striking reimagining of cityscapes reflecting perhaps more of the reality than a straight photo could. MURAT GERMEN, CITY PLANNER:  I've been following what's happening in Istanbul because it's my hometown, and what's happening is the new government is basing the supposedly booming economy totally on construction.  So what they did is they started to build high-rise housing, shopping malls, roads, and all that, but not necessarily buildings that are related to the making of culture.  So all this construction is related to consumption. BOURDAIN:  Well, are these spaces needed?  At whatever income level, will somebody be living in these buildings? GERMEN:  That's a very good question.  I'm asking the same question. BOURDAIN:  Yeah.  First things first.  GERMEN:  Yeah.  BOURDAIN:  We'll save the world later. GERMEN:  This is the pita by the way and it's like the Turkish version  of pizza, let's say. BOURDAIN:  Pita has some similarities.  I mean, there's cheese in it. Dough.  But it's more like a calzone maybe.  I don't know.  It's an efficient delivery vehicle for this case ground meat, cheese, and onions a not so little torpedo straight from I was going to say flavor town, but no, that would be wrong.  I want to see what you do with this.  I want to see how you eat this.  What do you do with that -- you dip in the egg?  Pour it in? GERMEN:  Yeah, yeah pour yeah exactly. BOURDAIN:  Mm.  This is... GERMEN:  Cholesterol bomb we call it. BOURDAIN:  There's a remarkable lack of sentimentality about really one of the most uniquely glorious looking spaces anywhere.  Why don't they care? GERMEN:  I agree.  There's a lack of sentimentality and there's also a lack of vision, I believe, hometown vision.  We have very short-term visions.  Mostly based on money making.  BOURDAIN:  When people look at the work you do see and do you stop them, what do you want them to see? GERMEN:  First of all, I really value the sustainability of our particular culture.  I want my work to show, hey look, this is what we had.  I think we are already losing it, so why don't we stop here and maybe consider doing something else?  [21:20:31] BOURDAIN:  (inaudible) Pazara, long home to tradesmen, Greeks, Jews, and Armenians.  Groups whose populations are these days a tiny fraction of what they once were.  This neighborhood like many in Istanbul is slated for redevelopment in the name of urban renewal. Wow.  Look at that.  It's a lot of food. Cesar and his family have been running a restaurant here for nearly 20 years. CESAR:  The way that we make the food, it's our own language.  That's the whole idea about it. BOURDAIN:  So your family is Armenian? CESAR:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  Is the food Armenian? CESAR:  This is my mom's food whatever we eat at home. BOURDAIN:  Authentic esnafs or tradesmen's restaurants are getting harder and harder to find.  Most are family-owned businesses, the kind of place where you can get a classic home-style meal of traditional dishes. You're clearly romantic.  Do you think there is a place in modern Istanbul for romantics or will they slowly be crashed by modernity? CESAR:  Almost all the protesters they were (inaudible).  They were romantics.  They keep those people.  They use real guns, but they will still continue to protest, nothing else. BOURDAIN:  So what's the future of Armenians in Turkey?  Will it be more Armenians in Istanbul in 20 years or fewer? CESAR:  Of course, it will be less. BOURDAIN:  Less? CESAR:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  This turn towards a more conservative, more Islamist, is this a political calculation or do you think this is generally genuinely how people feel now? CESAR:  It's the way that people feel now.  Because of the way that our president, the way that he talks, it's not only political issue, it's the reality itself. I don't know what he has in mind, our president, but somehow he let people fight freedom, you know, hate.  What I believe that hate will be, you know, it will make an end soon.  That's what I'm afraid of. That's why I'm telling you that young generation, Armenians, they will definitely leave this country. BOURDAIN:  Wow.  I hope you're wrong.  I like to be -- I mean, I'm not really an optimistic person, but I hope you're wrong about Istanbul because it's an amazing place. CESAR:  I hope you will be the one who's right. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [21:27:05] EZAN, CAB DRIVER:  Hold on.  Give me help and not crash my car.  Not today, maybe tomorrow.  I have to pass this bus, if I don't pass this bus... BOURDAIN:  It is a long-held belief that if you want to know the real deal, what's really good about a town... EZAN:  What a life. BOURDAIN:  ...if you want to know where to find the good stuff, you ask a cab driver. (FOREIGN LANGUAGE) EZAN:  I don't know wrong way, right way.  Life is life.  What is what?  Take it easy. BOURDAIN:  I don't know if that's true.  Not in my town, anyway.  But in Istanbul, I know a cab driver, my old friend, Ezan (ph). Hello, my friend.  Good to see you. EZAN:  Oh, after all those years to meet you again. BOURDAIN:  What a coincidence. EZAN:  Those are nice.  I love that. BOURDAIN:  So how are things in Istanbul?  It looks very different. They're building stuff everywhere. EZAN:  I don't know what happened, but I look up hotel, I look up shopping center open, more restaurant open, more disco open. BOURDAIN:  More discos? EZAN:  More disco. BOURDAIN:  So I thought this is a conservative government. EZAN:  Government conservative, but people, and they have to shake, they have to drink.  Life is too short.   (FOREIGN LANGUAGE) EZAN:  Most people ask me, did you make an accident?  And I say, yes, I killed two people, three people, hospital and then I pass cemetery. I said this is (inaudible) section.  They are scared.  Really?   How can you ask the taxi driver, did you make any accident? BOURDAIN:  Right.  EZAN:  Again, we cross the Galata Bridge.  I love here.  Look at this city here, Santa Sofia there, Topkapi Palace there, new malls for the Armenian, Golden Horn.  I love this city, yahoo.  Come on, everybody. Istan has got crazy.  Taxi driver is nice job.  I love this job because you meet every time new people. BOURDAIN:  Right. EZAN:  And on the way, you never get upset. BOURDAIN:  Right. (FOREIGN LANGUAGE) EZAN:  I wish I dance, but I dance belly dance. [21:30:17] What's in there?  Come on.  Everybody say this is not normal and I study about Ottoman, how to read, learn in Ottoman languages.  When you ask why Ezan want to learn this, because I want to read history, original. BOURDAIN:  Probably not while driving though. EZAN:  Yeah, yeah, not driving but the traffic already stopped a lot. If you -- I talk too much and you boring, and I go, take another taxi because I talk too much.   (FOREIGN LANGUAGE) EZAN:  This is my home area. BOURDAIN:  Oh, yeah, you live in this neighborhood? EZAN:  Yeah.  We call this area Lokanta. BOURDAIN:  So this is a local favorite of yours, this restaurant? EZAN:  This restaurant I know since 30 years. BOURDAIN:  So it's cow foot, tripes. EZAN:  Tripes. BOURDAIN:  Very nice.  That looks good.  Man, this is just delicious. Are the young people more conservative or less conservative? EZAN:  My daughter, Mary, religious person and she has the scarf. Another daughter, Yank (ph) and 18 years old, short and moderate. They walk together.  One is scarf, one is not. BOURDAIN:  Right. EZAN:  Maybe one day you invite me to America and I will be making... BOURDAIN:  Dance. EZAN:  Belly dance on the American main road (inaudible). BOURDAIN:  Probably you get arrested for that. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [21:36:15] GUNDUZ VASSAF:  The voice of Istanbul.  I've had at least 30 names on your own to Istanbul. Now they say I'm between the east and the west, an identity crises.  I know there's enough for this nonsense.  Take the labels off and just look at me. You won't need a guidebook.  Like all cities, I have my own sense of time.  I'm a labyrinth of layers that only makes sense without a compass. If you're hesitant, not sure which way to go as you walk about, follow one of my cats.  They will lead you to places, introduce you to people, point out secrets they keep even from me.  They, more than anyone, are the longest continuing residents of the city A challenge to those who see their future in my past, I'm an obstacle for those who see only the future.  I see change with the patience of centuries.  Look at my silhouette from the bridge on the Golden Horn. Time has not passed me by.  It has protected me.  I ask of you the same. BOURDAIN:  An hour ferry ride and a world away are the Prince's Islands in the Sea of Marmara.  Gunduz Vassaf and his friend, Serra Yilmaz have invited me for lunch.   Actor?  Translator? SERRA YILMAZ:  Yeah. BOURDAIN:  Philosopher?  Poet?  Are these good times to be a poet in Turkey? VASSAF:  It is, actually, because it's a way to bring down the noise in a way because so much words are exchanged especially in heated political discussions. BOURDAIN:  I have become very used to and fond of this drink, by the way.  Maybe too used to it and too fond of it. VASSAF:  I used to call it lime's milk.  In a famous Turkish poet it is known for saying I wish I could be a fish in a bottle of liquor. BOURDAIN:  Serra prepares a traditional spread of meze.  Turkish meze are extremely tasty, very diverse assortment of dishes originating at every corner of the former Ottoman Empire. The Ottomans like to eat and entertain and they employed armies of cooks to dazzle them with ever-changing menus, variety being key. Circassian chicken, faba beans, rice with mussels, eggplant, stuffed grape leaves, poached eggs with yogurt, all classic and all delicious. YILMAZ:  What shall I give you?  A few of everything? BOURDAIN:  Yes, please. [21:40:15] YILMAZ:  I'll put some or maybe I could give you some chicken already. BOURDAIN:  Make room for that I think.  Here we go.  Wow.  It's really pretty.  Am I getting a distorted picture of Turkey by spending all of my time in Istanbul?  It's very different than the rest of the country.  How different? YILMAZ:  But I think in Istanbul, you have all the different parts of Turkey also. BOURDAIN:  What does it mean to be Turkish?  What do you think? VASSAF:  Serra, are you Turkish? YILMAZ:  Yes, but it's not my fault. BOURDAIN:  Man, this is so -- let me say, this food is extraordinary. I mean, really, really, really amazing. When I was here last, it was a very different mood.  Now at least, the tenor of the things said by the government are increasingly ugly. VASSAF:  Yeah. BOURDAIN:  An intolerant.  You have this social activism that's very unusual.  Certainly, the government is sort of appealing to traditional Islamic values whether it's for show or not, there seems to be some reevaluation of how much of a party town do we want to be? VASSAF:  These days, the powers that be don't like it and... BOURDAIN:  Do they genuinely not like it, or are they appealing to a political base? VASSAF:  Oh, no, it's populism.  It's a political base.  And lots of people, of course, play along saying that they don't want to drink, et cetera, because that's the way you get your contracts.  That's the way you get things done. BOURDAIN:  But I mean, nationalism seems to be working internally. VASSAF:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  Nationalism and xenophobia, it's a vote getter almost anywhere. VASSAF:  Well, it's a vote getter, but it's a vote loser as well in the sense that there's so much backlash. BOURDAIN:  What do you think's going to happen? VASSAF:  Get back to normal. BOURDAIN:  You think it will go? VASSAF:  Oh, yeah. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [21:46:48] BOURDAIN:  Walking down Istanbul streets, it's easy to forget or not take seriously the slow but certain change in attitude towards this kind of freedom.  The right, for lack of a better term, to party.  The AKP is in power because the majority of voters put them there.  Their attitudes for better or worse reflect the attitudes of a great number of Turks. NURI:  All right, man. BOURDAIN:  This is Nuri, a Turkish businessman. I'm glad we met you because you are an AKP supporter.  You voted for AKP. NURI:  Yeah, I did. BOURDAIN:  Right.  Why? NURI:  Before, economy was so bad.  No foreign investment.  Interest rates were so high.  Inflation was about 100 percent per year.  So it's very hard to make business in such circumstances.  In 2002, I had 78 employees.  Now it's 250. BOURDAIN:  Since I got here, I've been talking to a lot of people who are very upset about the environment, they're upset about the destruction of old, beautiful buildings.  To a great extent, they do not like what much of the world would call progress.  So when you saw people running out in the streets and demonstrating, what was your feeling? NURI:  They said they went there for the trees.  They went there for the environment.  But at the end, they worked together, we did terrorize people.  We have to accept Istanbul like this.  You got nothing to do.  I cannot change it.  No one can change it. BOURDAIN:  No going back. NURI:  Fifty years ago, they could do some things, but not now. BOURDAIN:  You're not sentimental about the old neighborhoods, the old? NURI:  No.  I've got used to it. BOURDAIN:  This is a party town.  This is a nightclub town.  The impression is that there's some ambivalence there.  Ten years from now, will we be able to come to this bar or a bar like it and drink lots of gin drinks and misbehave?  No problem? NURI:  No problem I think.  This is a party town. BOURDAIN:  Right. NURI:  We drink hard. BOURDAIN:  So it's all about money. NURI:  It's all about money.  Everything is all about money in the world. BOURDAIN:  Who will be Turkey's bestest (ph) town?  Internationally? Which way are they looking, to the east or the west? NURI:  East, Russia, China, Vietnam and the Arabic countries.  Of course at west, Europe is getting weaker and weaker day by day.  The next 50 years, it's going to be the era of the east, not the west. [21:50:11] BOURDAIN:  So these notions of like freedom of the press, these are not eastern concepts? NURI:  No.  No, no. BOURDAIN:  They're not.  OK I'm going to ask you something.  Is freedom of the press overrated? NURI:  Yeah.  Yeah.  Yeah.  It's overrated. BOURDAIN:  You think tightening up on the press is a sacrifice that you're willing to make for a good economy.  I don't want to put words in your mouth or prosperity for the majority. NURI:  It is.  It's the same all over the world.  It's not typical for Turkey. BOURDAIN:  Right. NURI:  That's life. BOURDAIN:  So, thank you. NURI:  Thank you. BOURDAIN:  This is a really bad idea.  OK.  Cheers. (FOREIGN LANGUAGE) (COMMERCIAL BREAK) (FOREIGN LANGUAGE) [21:55:] YALCINALP:  Hi? BOURDAIN:  Esra, of course, good to see you. YALCINALP:  Welcome to our park. BOURDAIN:  Oh, man.  I'm glad I haven't eaten yet.  That is pretty awesome looking. YALCINALP:  So have you ever had Turkish breakfast before? BOURDAIN:  With you.  I love it, you need to do eggs in the park, pretty impressive. YALCINALP:  Yeah.  This place is called (inaudible) Park.  It's one of the last remaining parks in the vicinity. Since 2013, people have been gathering here in what we call forums to talk about their ideas for different -- how can I say? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Debates, chats, different people gathering here at night after work.  And then talking, trying to find solutions, right? We didn't have any other place to go.  So we came here. BOURDAIN:  Why is it so important? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I think it's not just for us, for future residents of Istanbul. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  This space turns into a space of politics, a space of hope against the system which seems to be like impossible to break, actually. BOURDAIN:  Is it impossible to break? UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  No.  Not now. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It was impossible a few weeks ago. BOURDAIN:  A few weeks ago it was impossible.  So you're feeling optimistic? UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  The hope is the revolution, you know?  If you lose your hope. then there is nothing to do. YALCINALP:  I think the tide is turning. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  But for the -- if you compare Arab Spring and this park, I think -- I mean, in the Arab Spring, they are protesting against a dictatorship.  But in Turkey I think we can say there is democracy. BOURDAIN:  Esra and her friends, previously unlikely to have known much less come to like one another were brought together by circumstances. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Have you been gassed? YALCINALP:  Not that much but yeah. BOURDAIN:  By gas, are you talking about pollution? YALCINALP:  Yes, and also tear gas. BOURDAIN:  Oh, tear gas? YALCINALP:  When you are getting gassed together, you really connect through a life or death situations.  You hold each other and run away together.  It was a very actually emotional thing for me because all my life, I was taught to keep away from different types of peoples, like I never had a Kurdish friend.  I never had a people around me were all like me.  And I was lacking so much richness in my life. Thanks to (inaudible), I saw everyone is the same. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  People are at real democracy in guessing people learn to speak.  Like, this is tear gas connecting people. YALCINALP:  Tear gas connecting people. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  This is one way together. BOURDAIN:  Democracy is always a fragile thing.  Ninety two years ago, modern Turkey was assembled from the fragments of the Ottoman Empire. It has always struggled to find a balance between those in power and the consent of its widely diverse population. Since the filming of this episode, Turkey's newly elected parliament failed to form a coalition.  And President Erdogan quickly called for new elections. At the same time, his revved up military action against Kurdish opposition forces in both Southeastern Turkey and across the border in Kurdish, Iraq. Many claimed that he effectively plunged Turkey into conflict in a bid to take advantage of an atmosphere of fear and uncertainty.  And improve his party's chances of success.  This is not an unreasonable assumption on anyone's part.  Fear works.  Fear gets votes.  The opposition had hoped that the tide was turning.  It remains to be seen if they have any reason to hope. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [20:00:26] ANTHONY BOURDAIN, CNN ANCHOR:  When I first went up this river, I was sick with love.  The bad kind.  The fist around your heart kind. I ran far but there was no escaping it.  It followed me upriver all the way. That was ten long years ago, a previous episode of a previous series in a previous life. Yet, here I am again, heading up to that same longhouse in the jungle. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  I time I saw all this, I think it's fair to say I was at a turning point in my life. I promised some people I'd come back, and I am back.  My life has changed a lot.  How much have their lives changed? Kuala Lumpur.  Happy to be here, but brimming with mixed emotions. Surrounded by all the sights, smells, and flavors I remember so well. This is where a wandering soul such as myself can dive right in and get some of that straight Chinese food I've been missing. First order of business, dinner.  I've been on a plane for, like -- I don't know, it was long, very long. So, like five Mark Wahlberg films.  I can't tell you how excited I am about the prospect of getting some black pepper crab, some chocolate chow and some pork gladed noodles and a regional beverage. Reasonably cold.  I don't even know what this is.  How I love you, noodles.  Don't want to get all heavy and philosophical at this point, but why I'm here, what my mission is, what I expect to find, basically me tracing my steps and all that.  We'll talk about that later.  Right now, noodles. Good, wanton, this place is most excellent, oh, chocolate chow. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Chocolate chow exactly. BOURDAIN:  Chocolate chow which is, oh, look at the greasy, fatty, yes, come to daddy.  I'm a bad man.  This is, like, a random restaurant, look like a purloin Minney Mouse logo.  And their food is unbelievably good. Oh, yeah, black pepper crab is going right here.  Reveal yourself to me my love. Hot, hot, hot, hot.  Oh, yeah. Wow.  All right, the frenzy's over.  Now, to eat in a more relaxed phase. [20:05:05] Kuala Lumpur, rises up out of steamy, equatorial southeast Asian jungle, Malaysia's capital city, a chaotic, multi-ethnic, multi- cultural, modern metropolis of Malay, Chinese and India. This is where you start out when fulfilling a decade-old promise to your ex-head hunter friends to return for Gawai.  The annual Iban Rice Harvest Festival. What's was interesting the last time I was there, was the old guys with their tattoos and the rings on their fingers. EDDIE DAVID, BORNEO INK:  Yeah.  You know, a lot of people, a lot of them have passed on. BOURDAIN:  I hear no more skulls.  They made them put the skulls away. The Iban once enjoyed a truly formidable reputation as trackers, warriors, and ritualistic takers of heads. They were and continue to be wanderers.  Valuing the vaguely a tradition where every tribesman are going to set out from the longhouse of his birth to travel, learn, to bring something back. Each tattoo he gets over the course ever of his life represents a different experience, a different journey. DAVID:  I see you got tattoo that just to signify knowledge and good wealth and to drop back to the longhouse, what you probably would want to get is were not the wrong, some like this. BOURDAIN:  Oh, like that. DAVID:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  Since last I saw you and you gave me this. DAVID:  And it's still there. BOURDAIN:  Still there.  Ten years ago at his shop, Borneo Ink, Eddie David tattooed me with an Iban-style ouroboros, the symbol of the snake eating its own tail, life, death, the eternal ebb and flow. I think I was going through a hippy phase.  Eddie does great work and he's known for traditional tribal tattoos, but I'm looking forward to getting it done old school this time.  Hand tapped in the jungle. So, I need your advice because I'm going back from the same village that I went to last time. DAVID:  Just be careful of the Langkau. BOURDAIN:  The Langkau, yes, they had it in every type of bottle. This is clear sort of cloudy liquid with particles in it. DAVID:  Sometimes they put weird stuff inside because my dad used to tell me they take a mosquito coil and leave it inside the Langkau. BOURDAIN:  A mosquito what? DAVID:  Coil. BOURDAIN:  Like the pesticide? DAVID:  Yeah.  Just make it, like, stronger, I guess. BOURDAIN:  I would imagine so. DAVID:  That's a natural staple.  Gawai is usually sparing, drinking, passing out, waking up, eating, drinking some more, passing out again and then getting up and drinking some more.  Yeah, you're going to have fun, man. BOURDAIN:  Wow, all right. So I'm headed upriver again.  Yes, sorry I can't be there.  I promise to my adviser I'm going back. DAVID MAGGI (ph):  About nine years late on your promise, but... BOURDAIN:  Nine years late. MAGGI (ph):  What happens with Langkau, you know, promises come liberally. BOURDAIN:  It was David Maggi (ph) who first took me up to the longhouse.  On that previous trip we met at Aunty Aini's on the outskirts of K.L. MAGGI (ph):  Everything moves exponentially, right.  I just feels like some things remain exactly the same, some things haven't changed at all.  This place is certainly one. BOURDAIN:  The charming and for lack of a better word fabulous Aini was an actor in the Malaysian film scene who now runs a very successful kampung-style restaurant specializing in beloved village or country classics. All of them prepared with a staggering finesse and precision.  This is delicious, delicious food. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Welcome.  It's been so long.  Oh, my god and you still look as handsome as ever. All right, so... MAGGI (ph):  So let's pick up right where we left off which started with this. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Help yourself. MAGGI (ph):  Thank you. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  You're going to have the roast beef and this poached egg and our favorite will be our (inaudible) this is Chicken Renee. BOURDAIN:  So good to be back. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  I love watching you guys eat. BOURDAIN:  Who taught you to cook?  Who was the good cook in your family? UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  When we were small, my grandmother would say stuff like, I don't care who you are, if you can't cook, you're nobody to me. BOURDAIN:  Oh, wow. [20:09:59] UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Yeah, that from there.  There's no teaching Malay cooking here.  It comes from your grandma's kitchen, your mom's kitchen.  And you learn by smelling, by seeing, it's how I teach my children to cook. All these dishes when you do them, the aroma just floats around.  I know exactly where the chili paste frying in the pan ready for not. It's from here.  Basically it's from here. BOURDAIN:  Wow, this food is so perfect.  I mean the flavors are so perfect.  It's so delicious. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  After a two-hour flight from Kuala Lumpur, I land in Borneo, third largest island in the world, divided between Malaysia, Brunei, and Indonesia. Kuching capital of the Malaysian Sarawak, it's a sleepily city with a colorful 19th century boys adventure story history. Pirates, head hunters, opportunists, the former domain of Sir James Brook, an Englishman who came to be known as the "White Rajah." For a century, generations of the Brook family ruled Sarawak as an independent kingdom.  They created their own army, the Sarawak rangers who also acted as rajah's personal guard. Tomorrow I follow the pavement as far as it goes and then it's boats the rest of the way.  But first, breakfast.  Unfortunately, I know exactly where to go. I sat at this same table last time. If I look at my life as a continuum, a trail of noodles, going round and round the world until it comes right back to the same spicy bowl. [20:15:07] Oh, yeah, that is, can I say tumescent on CNN?  Yeah, I'm pretty sure I can. Oh, yeah, baby this is a magical dish.  I don't know, it's like two types of noodles I think, chicken, prawn, coconut, chili.  But, you know, the main event for this is the broth.  The wisdom of the ages is contained in there.  It's, like, super complex. Might need more of this. All right, I'll have another one of these, more. It's the broth, the broth.  Look at this.  Thank you. OK, now I'm becoming the object of much amusement.  People have noticed I'm on my second. Damn, best breakfast ever. I love that sound. Before heading out to the longhouse, I'm meeting Kuching native Alex Wong at a dockside karaoke joint on the Malay side of town. Now what's up with the karaoke here?  I mean it's popular everywhere, but this is alcohol-free karaoke. ALEX WONG, KUCHING NATIVE:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  In my experience, you got to be really adapted with karaoke, but here apparently not. WONG:  No, no, it's the spirit.  Our people here, they can party any time. BOURDAIN:  So you're coming upriver with us? WONG:  Yes, I am, I am. BOURDAIN:  Exciting. WONG:  ... four days of non-connectivity, you know, that, right? BOURDAIN:  Yes, I'm committed to that.  It's the drinking. WONG:  I'm worried about that, too, really seriously, because I'm way past my drinking days, you know. BOURDAIN:  Yes. WONG:  But I don't think there's an escape from it.  So why are you back in Kuching after ten years?  I mean why Kuching?  We have got -- we got a lot all the places in Borneo? BOURDAIN:  That's a good question.  I'm revisiting some stuff.  Just some -- I was in a weird place in my head when I first came here.  I was personally, professionally, everything in my life was changing.  I was in this sort of nowhere land between previous life and whatever came next. I'm retracing my steps to a lot of this to see if it still hurts. WONG:  Ah, OK. BOURDAIN:  And also I said I'd promise these guys in the village, the chiefs, that I'd come back. Well, I made a promise, and I'm going to live up to it. [20:20:26] WONG:  Yeah. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  Even the jungle wanted him dead. This rang river, what's the line, snakes through the Sarawak jungle like a main circuit cable, plugs straight in a -- somewhere. A place, a state of mind, I don't know.  I was a basket case last time I went up this river, my mind miles away. [20:25:08] WONG:  Is this how you remember it, Tony? BOURDAIN:  Yeah. WONG:  Exactly the same, huh?  Ten years later? BOURDAIN:  Pretty much, yeah, so far. You pick your way upriver, like walking up a gradual flight of stairs, getting out often to push. With several hours still to go a stop for lunch, there we are.  We're even right on a beach too. All right, that's cool. WONG:  Looks like bamboo chicken there. BOURDAIN:  Good, ha.  (Foreign language).  It's good, right? WONG:  It's great, you said (Foreign language) that means delicious. BOURDAIN:  Yeah, how's your... WONG:  It's possible, I guess all basic words. BOURDAIN:  I gather the plan is to try to get there before dark. WONG:  I don't think it's going to happen. BOURDAIN:  Yeah, me either. WONG:  No. Hello.  (Speaking Foreign Language) BOURDAIN:  All those years ago the man who looked after me at the longhouse was named Itom (ph).  Over 80 years old back then, he led us bounding uphill through the jungle like a young gazelle. He still had the marks on his fingers of a man who'd taken heads, in Itom's (ph) case, presumably communist guerillas when he fought with the British during the Malay insurgency. We drank shots of rice whiskey together under replicate the human skulls, trophies from another time.  And I promised that I'd come back for Gawai a big day on the Iban calendar, when friends and relatives return to the longhouse. A lot has changed since the Iban tracked comis through the jungle. And much has changed in the ten years since I've been here. Itom passed away the year before last at the age of 92.  And the evidence of how timbering he's depleted much of the forest is everywhere, scandalously so. It's dark by the time we arrive.  But someone has been waiting for us. Please advise me of protocol. (Speaking Foreign Language) BOURDAIN:  Thank you.  All for me? WONG:  All of that. BOURDAIN:  Oh, yeah, just like old times. There you go, my man.  A custom must be observed. (Speaking Foreign Language) BOURDAIN:  Thank you. Oh, yeah. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Wohoo. (Speaking Foreign Language) (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) [20:30:24] More cell phones than last time.  (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  But it come with though. BOURDAIN:  Yes. (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN:  My respect, my condolence. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Maybe again (inaudible) don't come more. (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: She cannot stand longer. BOURDAIN:  Of course. (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) (COMMERCIAL BREAK) (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) [20:35:55] BOURDAIN: Back in Entalau (ph) after a lot of years and a lot of miles. I wake up to the sounds of early morning village life. Roosters call. The coughing and clearing of lungs as the elders rise to perform their morning chores. The whole village lives here in separate apartments, sharing a communal space that runs the length of the building. Some things have noticeably changed. The longhouse I first stayed in has been replaced by a somewhat more modern version. These days there's electricity from a reliable diesel generator. And while there's no cellphone signal, the plumbing works, the washing in the river is still, the way I see it, anyway, the preferable option. In this part of the world, you live or die by the rice harvest. Less so these days as timbering has changed, well, everything out here, but traditions run deep, with the Iban and in Gawai, the harvest festival was and remains like Christmas and New Year's rolled into one. We will need pork for Gawai. And unfortunately, that means a pig must die. More awkwardly, custom, and my personal history in this village demands, once again, that I do the job. Down by the river, I shot my baby. What did he mean by that? Why would he do that? Shoot his baby? Unless baby was a delicious, delicious pig. I'd like to tell you that this is never easy, that I felt this time like I did the first time. Sad, nauseated, complicit, aware that I crossed a line, been changed by the violence and the blood and the awful noise. But that would be a lie. [20:40:02] Now?  Straight ahead? This time, I plunged the spear in without hesitation or remorse. When the pig dies, finally gives it up, I feel only relief. I have been hardened by the last ten years. I don't know what that says about me, but there it is. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [20:45:40] Far up the Skrang River, the countdown to Gawai is on, and I can't help but be struck by one particular upgrade since my last visit. Karaoke. As I come to learn, constant karaoke. Never-ending karaoke. From a limited playlist of favorites. Nearly 24 hours a day accompanied by copious amounts of beer, Tuak and other strong spirits. (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN: It should be pointed out Gawai isn't just about consuming potentially blinding amounts of alcohol. It's also about food. And one would be well advised to eat a lot. Lay down a solid base for the torment to come. Oh, thank you. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I see you so guilty. BOURDAIN: No, no, not at all, actually. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Should not. BOURDAIN: So delicious. (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN:  No, no it's good (ph).  All right. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:   This is a bound tradition they keep of, you know, put rice on your plate, on it. BOURDAIN:  Yeah, yeah.  Yeah. Good. Delicious. (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Welcome back. BOURDAIN: Thank you. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Cheers. BOURDAIN: Cheers. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  All right. BOURDAIN: As the revelry kicks into high gear, there is nowhere to hide. I know only that if I sit still anywhere within range of hospitality, there will be a river of booze. Beer, Tuak, which is rough hand crafted local rice wine and its more lethal distilled bigger brother Langkau. Then somebody's pouring you Johnny Black or J.D. or Vat 69. Then Langkau again, then who knows. You only know it keeps coming until you sag facedown on the hand woven math and pass out, perfectly acceptable practice, by the way. [20:50:21] Bring me back in paradise. I wake up, I go to sleep, I wake up again. The party has moved down a few doors, but it's still going. This is an experience that will repeat itself again and again for the next three days. One time it's the ladies still standing, partying like it's 1999, dancing and drinking, and another time it's the old dudes, the village chiefs and elders, and everybody, elders, women, children, visiting relatives and their families in Kuala Lumpur, and Kuching in the abroad, wherever circumstances, that's the vaguely took them. The party expands and contracts according to mysterious patterns that I am in no shape to discern. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  One, two, three. (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [20:55:37] Mourning routine, wake up, feed the chickens, rake the pepper drying in the sun, then it's time to rock the bike people and it starts all over again. While the party continues up the longhouse I've got an appointment. If you're wondering by the way if this hurts?  Two guys hammering a way on my sternum with a bamboo club and sharp needles. Yes.  Yes, it hurts a lot.  And you're going to be damn sure if I wasn't on television while it was happening, I'd be whimpering and yelping like gun-shot poodle.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  You, stand up. BOURDAIN: All right, good? Very happy guys, thank you. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  OK, welcome. BOURDAIN: Happy go life (ph). All right, let's party. Another tattoo is never going to make me younger, or tougher or more relevant and won't connect me 10 years from now with some spiritual crossroads in my life, no. At this point I think my body is like an old car, another dent ain't going to make a whole lot of difference. At best it's a reminder that you are still alive and lucky as hell. Another tattoo, another thing you did, another place you've been. (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) A final long gaze at the river, take in probably for the last time in my life, the slow rhythms of the village.  One more thing to do, say good-bye to an old friend. He was a very strong man. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes. BOURDAIN: I remember him well running uphill, faster than all of us. So do we do? We leave him a beer and some cigarettes? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes, you're right. BOURDAIN: He would like that?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yeah, he'd like. BOURDAIN: First cigarette in two years for you, man. ANTHONY BOURDAIN, CNN HOST (voice-over):  Modern Turkey was founded in 1923 on the principles of secular, democratic statehood after centuries of empire.   [21:00:34] UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It has been the most turbulent year in a decade of Turkey's political history.   BOURDAIN:  Turkey has set a new course, one that many hoped would carry it into the European Union.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  There's clearly a significant portion of the Turkish population that's not happy with the policies of the democratically-elected government.   BOURDAIN:  But things have changed.  They are changing.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  You get clashes erupting, demonstrators throwing rocks.   BOURDAIN:  And what happens next has implications far beyond Turkey.   (MUSIC) BOURDAIN:  It has been a turbulent year for Turkey.  And I arrive in Istanbul at the moment of a critical election.   The question on everyone's mind is whether the current president and his ruling party will win a large enough majority to change the constitution, potentially allowing him to stay in power indefinitely.   These have been good times for some, particularly in the construction and development business.  And fearful ones for others.  They are particularly concerned about what happens next, for instance, in the Kurdish parts of town.   (CHANTING) UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Our polls are opening.  Turkey's voters choose a new parliament, which could lead to big changes in the country's political system.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  The Ruling Justice and Development Party is expected to take most of the seats.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  But how much power the president actually has will be determined by the success or failure of the Kurdish party.   BOURDAIN:  The HDP, originally a Kurdish political party, has sought to unite the disparate voices calling for change, in response to 13 years of what has essentially been one-party rule by the AKP.  So history, whatever it might be, is about to happen.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Just in the past hour, polls have closed in the country's parliamentary elections.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Voters in Turkey have just shaken up the country's political landscape in a major way.  They said no to placing Erdogan in push for more power.   BOURDAIN:  The ruling AKP party did not win the majority its president had hoped for.  In fact, they lost seats in parliament, and for the first time, the pro-Kurdish party gained enough votes to earn a real voice in the government.   [21:05:45] BOURDAIN:  We are at the very tip of Istanbul next to the Black Sea, so the ships that are going by here, they're basically going to Russia.   BOURDAIN:  I meet an old friend, Esra (ph), for my first meal back in country.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  I know you like your fish with the head and tail.   BOURDAIN:  I do.  This is perfect.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  I ordered some raki.   BOURDAIN:  That makes me so happy.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Yes, which is our national drink.  It is anise seeds and...  BOURDAIN:  I am familiar with this drink, all too familiar.  Cheers.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Welcome back.   BOURDAIN:  So since I last saw you, which was in 2000...  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Nine.   BOURDAIN:  2009.  Wow.  A long time ago.  Istanbul looks a little bit different than last time I was here.  It looks a little more like every other city.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Yes.  Well, construction.   BOURDAIN:  There seems to be a lot of that going on.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  Your president likes to build stuff.  He likes to pour concrete.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  He keeps the economy going.  Turkey's so much politicized since the last time you came, like after 2011, the daily life issues, like how many children you should have, advising women not to laugh out loud in public, things like this were actually suggested by the government.   BOURDAIN:  Right.  Do you think this is coming from genuine ideological religious place or is this a political calculation?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I think it's a genuine... BOURDAIN:  You're telling me that the current leadership is, in his heart, is genuinely opposed to alcohol, women laughing in public?  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Maybe I don't feel comfortable answering that question.   BOURDAIN:  OK.   (voice-over):  Turkey's most famous politician, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, he is the power and has been the power in one form or another for more than a decade.  He's the face of Turkey's ruling Justice and Development Party, the AKP.   Erdogan has, in recent years, made Islamist politics mainstream, and while remaining very, very popular in this extremely polarized nation, cracked down hard on media, political opposition, free speech, and, of course, demonstrations.   In 2013, the almost revolution in Turkey happened, a protest to contest the demolition of Istanbul's Gezi Park resulted in a brutal crackdown by police.   In response, ordinary Turks unconnected by any particular ideology poured into the streets.  With the whole world watching on social media, they, too, were met with force.   In the end, Erdogan remained firmly in control, and there were repercussions for many who had supported the protests.  From that point on, media, social media, even open discussion of issues or events, became treated as hostile acts by foreign enemies.   Autocrats in general are not famous for their sense of humor, so it's no surprise that comedians in Turkey like Denise (ph) and her fiancee Han (ph), walk a perilous line.   (on camera):  Are these good times to be a comedian in Turkey?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It definitely is one of the best times because our former prime minister, support for them...  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  We don't use the names.  We just call him the Greatness or, you know...  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I guess they're running the finals.  BOURDAIN:  The finals.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.   [21:10:08] BOURDAIN:  But all weight classes.  But it's basically Greco-Roman wrestling.  Just get greased up.   As I understand it, you can't choke with two hands, only one.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  You can just slip your hands... BOURDAIN:  Right into some greasy ass crack.  That's OK. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  And grab.  That's fine.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Tell me something.  I want to know, what are the rules of the game.  BOURDAIN:  Turkish oil wrestling.  A big freaking salad covered with oiled men in leather pants giving each other spirited and prolonged reach-arounds.  Oh, geez.   Can we get rights to the Barry White greatest hits record or Diana Ross "Love Hangover," or is that too obvious?  I like to be respectful of ancient tradition, but I mean, the jokes write themselves.  And they have, what, there's, like, ropes inside or handles?  Where do I get a pair of those pants? Those are some super freaky pants.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Did you see the golden belts?  BOURDAIN:  Well, look, it's got to be because I mean, the pants are awesome.  Imagine what the belt looks like.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN:  Does he stop yelling at some point?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  The announcer called jaskar (ph)...  BOURDAIN:  Yes.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  And in slang, jaskar (ph) means person who talks too much.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It's too loud.  It's time for political end.  Lots changed since your last visit.   BOURDAIN:  Obviously, the mood has changed a lot, which is weird, because everything seemed to be going so well.  Things seemed to be getting more tolerant.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Tolerance level is so low these days.  BOURDAIN:  Right.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  People taking sides don't like the other one. These people don't like our kind.   BOURDAIN:  So what happens if someone doesn't like your joke? Somebody in a powerful position does not like your comedy?  What happens?  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Depending on the degree how much he doesn't like you, how much he's offended.   BOURDAIN:  Let's say he's really offended.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  You go to jail for being, you know, terrorist or...  BOURDAIN:  Aiding and abetting the enemies of the state.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Yes.  Enemy of the state.  Being enemy of the state is the most common thing you can do right now in Turkey.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  They're asking for more oil.   BOURDAIN:  More oil.   Istanbul.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Building boom or building bubble.  Architect and city planner Luda Garman (ph) has been capturing Istanbul's construction boom with his camera.  He employs a unique method of compressing panoramas to create a striking reimagining of cityscapes reflecting, perhaps, more of the reality than a straight photo could.   LUDA GARMAN (PH), PHOTOGRAPHER:  I've been following what's happening in Istanbul, because it's my hometown, and what's happening is that the new government is basing the supposedly booming economy totally on construction.   So what they did is they started to build high-rise housing, shopping malls, roads, and all that, but not necessarily buildings that are related to the making of culture.  So all this construction is related to consumption.   BOURDAIN:  Well, are these spaces needed?  At whatever income level, will somebody be living in these buildings?  GARMAN (ph):  That's a very good question.  I'm asking the same question.   BOURDAIN:  Yes.  First things first.   GARMAN (ph):  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  We'll save the world later.   GARMAN (ph):  This is, like, the Turkish version of pizza, let's say.   BOURDAIN:  Pita has some similarities.  I mean, there's cheese in it. Dough.  But it's more like a calzone maybe.  I don't know.  It's an efficient delivery vehicle for this case ground meat, cheese, and onions, a not-so-little torpedo straight from flavor town, but no, that would be wrong.   I want to see what you do with this.  I want to see how you eat this. What do you do with that -- you dip in the egg?  Pour it in?  GARMAN (ph):  Yes.  Yes.  Exactly.   BOURDAIN:  Mm.  This is...  GARMAN (ph):  Cholesterol bomb we call it.   BOURDAIN:  There's a remarkable lack of sentimentality about, really, one of the most uniquely glorious looking spaces anywhere.  Why don't they care?  GARMAN (ph):  I agree.  There's a lack of sentimentality, and there's also a lack of vision, I believe, hometown vision.  We have very short-term visions.  Mostly based on money making.   BOURDAIN:  When people look at the work you do, based on this city, what do you want them to see?  GARMAN (ph):  First of all, I really value the sustainability of our political culture.  I want my work to show, "Hey, look, this is what we had."  I think we are already losing it, so why don't we stop here and maybe consider doing something else?  (MUSIC) [21:20:37] BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Nachambe Pozer (ph), long home to tradesmen, Greeks, Jews, and Armenians.  Groups whose populations are these days a tiny fraction of once they once were.  This neighborhood, like many in Istanbul, is slated for redevelopment in the name of urban renewal.   (on camera):  Wow.  Look at that.  It's a lot of food.   (voice-over):  Cesar and his family have been running a restaurant here for nearly 20 years.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  The way that we make the food, it's our own language.  That's the whole idea about it.   BOURDAIN:  So your family's Armenian.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  Is the food Armenian?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  This is my mom's food.  Whatever we eat at home.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Authentic Hasnas (ph), or tradesmen's restaurants, are getting harder and harder to find.  Most are family- owned businesses, the kind of place where you can get a classic home- style meal of traditional dishes.   (on camera):  You're clearly a romantic.  Do you think there's a place in modern Istanbul for romantics, or will they slowly be crushed by modernity?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Almost all the protestors, they were kidnapped (ph).  They were romantics.  They killed those people.  They used real guns, but they will still continue to protest.  Nothing else.   BOURDAIN:  So what's the future of Armenians in Turkey?  Will there be more Armenians in Istanbul in 20 years or fewer?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Much fewer.  Less. BOURDAIN:  Less?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  This turn toward a more conservative, more Islamist, is this a political calculation or do you think this is generally genuinely how people feel now?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It's the way that people feel now.  Because of the way that our president, the way that he talks.  It's not only political issue; it's a reality.   I don't know what he has in mind, our president, but somehow he let people fight with hate.  I believe that hate will be, you know, it will make our end soon.  That's what I'm afraid of.  That's why I'm telling you that young generation, Armenians, they will definitely leave this country.  BOURDAIN:  Wow.  I hope you're wrong.  I like to be -- I mean, I'm not really an optimistic person, but I hope you're wrong about Istanbul, because it's an amazing place.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I hope you will be the one who's right.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [21:27:10] UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Hold on.  Give me help and not crash my car.  Not today.  Maybe tomorrow.  I have to pass this bus.  If I don't pass this bus.  BOURDAIN (voice-over):  It is a long-held belief that, if you want to know the real deal, what's really good about a town... UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  What a life.   BOURDAIN:  ... if you want to know where to find the good stuff, you ask a cab driver.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  All back, all back.  Turn those around.  I don't know wrong way, right way.  What is what.  Take it easy.   BOURDAIN:  I don't know if that's true.  Not in my town, anyway.  But in Istanbul, I know a cab driver.  My old friend, Esan (ph).   (on camera):  Hello, my friend.  Good to see you.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  After all those years.  To meet you again.   BOURDAIN:  What a coincidence.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  What a night.  I love that.   BOURDAIN:  so how are things in Istanbul?  It looks very different. They're building stuff everywhere.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I don't know what happened, but a lot of hotels, a lot of shopping center open, more restaurant open, more disco open.   BOURDAIN:  More discos?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  More discos. BOURDAIN:  I thought this was a conservative government.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Government conservative, but the people, and they have to shake, they have to drink.  Life too short.   (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) Relax.  Most people ask me, did you make an accident?  And I say, yes, I take two people, three people hospital and then I pass cemetery.  I said, "This is Esan's (ph) section." They are scared.   "Really?"   How can you ask a taxi driver, did you make an accident?  BOURDAIN:  Right.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  We're going across the Galata (ph) Bridge.  I love it here.  Look at this city.  Centers of (UNINTELLIGIBLE), moss- covered (UNINTELLIGIBLE).  New mosque.  Today (UNINTELLIGIBLE). Golden horn.  I love this city.   Yahoo!  Come on, everybody!  Esan (ph) is not crazy! Taxi driver is nice job.  I love this job because you meet every time new people.   BOURDAIN:  Right.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  And on the way, you never get upset.   BOURDAIN:  Right.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE)  I wish I dance, but I don't belly dance.   (MUSIC) TAXI DRIVER:  Wha!  (wha me ah)  (Come on.)  Everybody say this not normal.  I study about Ottoman.  How to read learning Ottoman languages.  When you ask why is (son) to learn this?  Because I want to read history original.   BOURDAIN:  Probably not while driving though. DRIVER:  Yah, yah, not driving, but the traffic already stop. (speaking foreign language)  Maybe I talk too much and you boring and I go.  Take another taxi because I talk too much.  (speaking foreign language)  This is my home area. BOURDAIN:  Oh, yeh?  You live in this neighborhood? DRIVER:  Yeh.  We call this area (Locanta). BOURDAIN:  So this is a local favorite of yours, this restaurant? DRIVER:  This restaurant I know since 30 years. BOURDAIN:  So it's cow, cow foot, tripes. DRIVER:  Tripes. BOURDAIN:  Very nice.  That looks good.  Man, this is just delicious. Are the young people more conservative or less conservative? DRIVER:  My daughter married, religious person, and she has a scarf. Another daughter, young, 18 years old, short and modern.  They walk together, one is scarf, one is not. BOURDAIN:  Right. DRIVER:  Maybe one day you invite me America and will be make belly dance on the American main road, shaking my body. BOURDAIN:  Probably get arrested for that. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) NARRATOR:  The voice of Istanbul.  I've had at least 30 names from New Rome to Islambol.  Now they say I'm between the East and the West, an identity crisis.  I knew theirs.  Enough of this nonsense.  Take the labels off and just look at me.  You won't need a guide book.  Like all cities, I have my own sense of time.  I'm a labyrinth of layers that only make sense without a compass.  If you're hesitant, not sure which way to go as you walk about, follow one of my cats.  They will lead you to places, introduce you to people, point out secrets they keep even from me.  They, more than anyone, are the longest continuing residents of this city.  A challenge to those who see the future in my paths, I'm an obstacle for those who see only the future.  I see change with the patience of centuries.  Look at silhouette on the bridge on the Golden Horn.  Time has not passed me by, it has protected me.  I ask of you the same.   BOURDAIN:  An hour ferry ride and a world away are the Princes' Islands in the Sea of Marmara.  Gunduz Vassaf and his friend, Serra Yilmaz, have invited me for lunch.  Actor, translator? SERRA YILMAZ, ACTRESS:  Yeh. BOURDAIN:  Philosopher, poet.  Are these good times to be a poet in Turkey/ GUNDUZ VASSAF, PH.D., PSYCHOLOGIST AND AUTHOR:  It is actually, because it's a way to bring down the noise in a way.  Because so much words are exchanged, especially in heated political discussions. BOURDAIN:  I have become very used to and fond of this drink, by the way.  Maybe too used to it and too fond of it.   VASSAF:  They used to call it lion's milk.  And a famous Turkish poet is knowing for saying I wish I could be a fish in a bottle of Raki. BOURDAIN:  Serra prepares a traditional spread of meze.  Turkish meze are an extremely tasty, very diverse assortment of dishes originating in every corner of the former Ottoman Empire.  The Ottomans liked to eat and entertain, and they employed armies of cooks to dazzle them with ever-changing menus, variety being key.  Circassian chicken, fava beans, rice with mussels, eggplant, stuffed grape leaves, poached eggs with yogurt, all classic and all delicious.   YILMAZ:  What shall I give you?  A few of everything? BOURDAIN:  Yes, please. YILMAZ:  I'll put some -- oh, maybe I could give you some chicken already. BOURDAIN:  I can make room for that I think.  Here we go.  Wow, it's really pretty.  Am I getting a distorted picture of Turkey by spending all of my time in Istanbul?  It's very different than the rest of the country, yeh?  How different. YILMAZ:  Mmm, but I think in Istanbul you have all the different parts of Turkey also.   BOURDAIN:  What does it mean to be Turkish?  What do you think? VASSAF:  Serra, are you Turkish? YILMAZ:  Yes, but it's not my fault.  BOURDAIN:  Man, this is so...  Let me say, this food is extraordinary. I mean really, really, really amazing.  But when I was here last it was very different mood.  Now at least the tenor of the things said by the government are increasingly ugly and intolerant.  And you've got this social activism that's very unusual.  Certainly the government is sort of appealing to traditional Islamic values.  Whether it's for show or not, there seems to be some reevaluation of how much of a party town do we want to be. VASSAF:  These days the powers that be don't like it.  And... BOURDAIN:  Do they genuinely not like it or are they appealing to a political base? VASSAF:  Oh, no, no.  It's (populism), it's a political base.  And lots of people are supposed to play along, saying that they don't want to drink, et cetera, because that's the way you get your contracts, that's the way you get things done. BOURDAIN:  But I mean nationalism seems to be working internally. Nationalism and xenophobia, it's a vote-getter almost anywhere. VASSAF:  Well, it's a vote getter, but it's a vote loser as well in the sense that there's so much back lash. BOURDAIN:  What do -- what do you think's going to happen? VASSAF:  It'll get back to normal. BOURDAIN:  You think it'll go... VASSAF:  Oh, yeh. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  Walking down Istanbul's streets, it's easy to forget or not take seriously the slow but certain change in attitude towards this kind of freedom.  The right, for lack of a better term, to party.  The AKP is in power because a majority of voters put them there.  Their attitudes, for better or worse, reflect that attitudes of a great number of Turks.  This is (Nouri), a Turkish businessman.  I'm glad we met you because you are an AKP supporter.  You voted for AKP?   (NOURI):  Yeh, I did. BOURDAIN:  Right.  Why? (NOURI):  Before the economy was so bad.  No foreign investment, interest rates were so high, inflation was about 100 percent per, per (year), so it's very hard to make business in such circumstances.  In 2002 I had 70 employees.  Now it's 250.   BOURDAIN:  Since I got here I've been talking to a lot of people who are very upset about the environment, they're upset about the destruction of old, beautiful buildings.  To a great extent they do not like what much of the world would call progress.  So when you say people running out in the streets to demonstrate, what was your feeling? (NOURI):  They said they went there for the trees, they went there for the environment.  But at the end, they were together with the terrorist people.  They have to accept Istanbul like this.  You got nothing to do.  I cannot change it, no one can change it.   BOURDAIN:  No going back. (NOURI):  Fifty years ago they could do some things.  But not now.  BOURDAIN:  You're not sentimental about the old neighborhoods, the old... (NOURI):  No.  I got used to it. BOURDAIN:  This is a party town.  This is a night club town.  The impression is that there's some ambivalence there.  Ten years from now, will we be able to come to this bar or a bar like it and, and, and drink lots of gin drinks and misbehave?  No problem? (NOURI):  No problem.  This is still a party town.  We drink hard. BOURDAIN:  So it's all about money. (NOURI):  It's all about money.  Everything is all about money in the world.    BOURDAIN:  Who will be Turkey's (best-est) now internationally?  Which way are they looking?  To the East or the West? (NOURI):  East.  Russia, China, Iran, and the Arabic countries. Because the West and Europe is getting weaker and weaker day by day. The next 50 years is going to be the era of the East, not the West. BOURDAIN:  Mm-hmm.  So these notions like freedom of the press, these are not Eastern concepts? (NOURI):  No, no, no. BOURDAIN:  They're not.  OK, I want to ask you something.  Is freedom of the press overrated? (NOURI):  Yeh. BOURDAIN:  (laughing)  (NOURI):  Yeh, yeh, yeh.  It's overrated. BOURDAIN:  You think it -- tightening up on the press is a sacrifice that you're willing to make for a good economy?  I don't want to put words in your mouth.  For prosperity for the majority. (NOURI):  That is the same all over the world.  It's not typical for Turkey.   BOURDAIN:  That's right.  So, thank you.  Thank you.  This is a really bad idea.  OK, cheers.  (Nosdrovia). (NOURI):  (Nosdrovia). (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  (inaudible)  Of course, good to see you. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Welcome to our park. BOURDAIN:  Oh, man.  I'm glad I haven't eaten yet.  That is pretty awesome looking.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  So have you ever had Turkish breakfast before? BOURDAIN:  With you.  I love that we can do eggs in the park.  Pretty impressive. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  This place is (Abbasaga) Park.  It's one of the last remaining parks in the vicinity.  Since 2013 people have been gathering here in what we call forums to talk about their ideas for different -- how can I say? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Debates, chats. BOURDAIN:  Mm-hmm. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Different people gathering here at night after work, and then talking, trying to find solutions, right? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  We didn't have any other place to go, so we came here. BOURDAIN:  Why is it so important? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It's not just for us, for future residents of Istanbul.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  This space turns into a space of politics, a space of hope against a system which seems to be like impossible to break actually. BOURDAIN:  Is it impossible to break? UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  No, not now. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It was impossible a few weeks ago. BOURDAIN:  A few weeks ago it was impossible.  But you, you're feeling optimistic? UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  The hope is the revolution, you know?  If you lose you hope then there's nothing to do.  I think the tide is turning.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  But for the -- if you compare Arab Spring and this park I think -- I mean in the Arab Spring they are protesting against a dictatorship.  But in Turkey I think we can say that there is democracy. BOURDAIN:  (Essra) and her friends previously unlikely to have known, much less come to like, one another were brought together by circumstances.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Have you been gassed? UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Not as much, but yeh. BOURDAIN:  By gassed, you mean -- are you talking about pollution? UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Tear gas. BOURDAIN:  Oh, tear gas.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  When you are getting gassed together you really connect through life or death situations.  You hold each other and run away together.  It was a very actually emotional thing for me because all my life I was taught to keep away from different types of people. Like I never had a Kurdis friend.  I never had a -- people around me were all like me, and I was lacking so much richness in my life. Thanks to (Gezi) I saw everybody is the same. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  People are (inaudible) real democracy in (Gezi). People learn to speak (inaudible) produces tear gas connecting people. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Tear gas connecting people.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  (inaudible) just run away together. BOURDAIN:  Democracy is always a fragile thing.  Ninety-two years ago modern Turkey was assembled from the fragments of the Ottoman Empire. It always struggled to find a balance between those in power and the consent of its widely-diverse population.   Since the filming of this episode, Turkey's newly-elected parliament failed to form a coalition and President Erdogan quickly called for new elections.  At the same time, he's revved up military action against Kurdish opposition forces in both southeastern Turkey and across the border in Kurdish Iran.  Many claim that he effectively plunged Turkey into conflict in a bid to take advantage of an atmosphere of fear and uncertainty and improve his party's chances of success.  This is not an unreasonable assumption on anyone's part. Fear works.  Fear gets votes.  The opposition had hoped that the tide was turning.  It remains to be seen if they have any reason to hope. ANTHONY BOURDAIN, PARTS UNKNOWN SHOW HOST:  Where is home? Most of us are born with the answer. Others have to sift through the pieces. (MUSIC PLAYING) (FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN:  Admit it. You hear the name Ethiopia, and you think starving children with distended bellies. You think dust and famine and despair so awful you frankly don't want to even think about it anymore.  But take a look. Addis Ababa, capital city of Ethiopia. A cool high altitude urban center that will both confirm and confound expectations.  Fueled largely by direct foreign investment and a returning Ethiopian diaspora eager to be part of the new growth, things are changing in Addis. It's one of the fastest growing economies in the world.  It's not the first time the place has gone through a growth spurt. In the 1950's, Emperor Haile Selassie known as the king of kings embarked on a similar program of massive public works.  This was supposed to be the legacy of Ethiopia. The future.  But the next time Ethiopia found itself in the headlines it was for this. And for many of us, that was the end of the story.  So, I'm looking forward to this week.  MARCUS SAMUELSSON, ETHIOPIAN CHEF:  I can't wait to show you Ethiopia.  BOURDAIN:  I've been waiting for you. I mean, I will tell you right now.  SAMUELSSON:  Couldn't have picked a better time because we have old Ethiopia right here and we also have new Ethiopia right here. And that's like that's combo is going to be so cool.  Marcus Samuelsson. Maybe you know him from such shows as a lot of them or his many restaurants, his bestselling memoir, his status as America's most recognizable black chef.  But Marcus isn't African-American. He's Swedish-American or Ethiopian- Swedish-American. Or, look, it's complicated. What is true to say is that Marcus Samuelsson like his wife, Maya, was born here in Ethiopia. So, when is the last time you were in Ethiopia?  SAMUELSSON:  Four years ago, and you can tell it's changed. It changed a lot.  BOURDAIN:  I'm interested in seeing an African country that was never colonized. It was never taken by Europe.  SAMUELSSON:  No, that sense of pride, you really hit the nail on the head. I mean, that sense of pride is also the sense of that everyone wants to come back.  BOURDAIN:  How does it feel coming back? Is it weird at all? You feel like you're coming home?  [22:04:58] SAMUELSSON:  It is weird, but end of the day, I always love it. I miss it. One foot of me is, like, just Ethiopian, but then the other foot is just so Swedish or American at this point, right?  BOURDAIN:  You do not speak the language here, or any of the dialects.  SAMUELSSON:  No.  BOURDAIN:  You've since come back, you've reconnected with family.  SAMUELSSON:  Yes.  BOURDAIN:  But it must be weird to, I mean...  SAMUELSSON:  It is.  BOURDAIN:  To -- you need a translator.  SAMUELSSON:  No, but do you -- I need a translator. My wife is now my translator in life and in culture and so many things, but I think when you're a black man, when you're an immigrant, when you're Ethiopian, when you're Swedish, I've been put into so many situations that I put myself into. So, I'm actually very comfortable into being uncomfortable.  BOURDAIN:  In the 1970's, Ethiopia was hit with a tuberculosis epidemic. Marcus, his older sister, Fenti, and his mom were all stricken with the disease. With no possibility of medical attention in their village, facing the almost inevitable death of both her children, Marcus' mom set out on foot with her daughter at her side and 2-year-old Marcus on her back walking 75 miles to the Swedish hospital in Addis.  Against all odds, they made it. Marcus and Fenti recovered. Their mother did not. Marcus and his sister were adopted by Ann Marie and Leonard Samuelsson. And raised from that point on in Sweden.  Ethiopia, its language, its food, its cultures was largely a mystery. Marcus traveled and trained apprenticing in some of the great kitchens of Europe. He moved to New York. At the remarkably young age of 23 received three stars from The New York Times at his groundbreaking restaurant, Aquavit.  It's been a pretty stellar rise since then. And in 2010, he opened Red Rooster in Harlem.  SAMUELSSON:  I always find it so paradox that I was born into very little food, but yet, sort of, I made my whole life about food. My sort of structure and pragmatism comes from being raised in Sweden. And my sort of vibrancy and warmth to cooking and feel-based food that I love comes definitely from here.  BOURDAIN:  Weirdly enough, the single aspect of Ethiopian culture most Westerners do know little about is Ethiopian food. So, maybe you've had this.  Oh, wow. That looks good. That -- that is exciting. What is it?  MAYA HAILE SAMUELSSON:  This is typical, vegetarian, make it really nice.  BOURDAIN:  At Katanga restaurant they do it classic. Injera bread. That's Ethiopian 101.  SAMUELSSON:  I mean, when you think about Ethiopian food, right, the foundation is really the injera bread.  BOURDAIN:  It's not just food, it's an implement.  SAMUELSSON:  Yes.  BOURDAIN:  We're having beyaynetu, a selection of stews or wots they called around here. That's goma, sauteed greens, shio wot, which is a chickpea stew. And tiko goma, sauteed white cabbage. Many, if not most of the dishes, spiced with the magical mysterious flavoring of the gods. Berbere.  M. SAMUELSSON:  Can I -- can I give you one that no way... BOURDAIN:  Very good.  M. SAMUELSSON:  ... no way to do it, this is gursha. You have to. BOURDAIN:  This stuffing of food in your fellow diners' face is called gursha, and that's what you do to show your affection and respect. Try this at the waffle house sometime and prepare for awkwardness. Now, you were born here?  M. SAMUELSSON:  I was born here.  BOURDAIN:  Left what age?  M. SAMUELSSON:  Thirteen. I grew up in Holland. And after that we all went to London, Germany, and I'm in New York now, so.  BOURDAIN:  I don't want to say it's a rootless existence, but it's -- you know, where's home? SAMUELSSON:  I think for us now, Harlem is really home, but when I've  been gone for two years, I'm like, I got to go back because the beat it's so different than what Sweden can offer me and definitely what New York can offer me.  BOURDAIN:  The median age in Ethiopia is under 18. That means most people here don't remember live aid or any of that.  Coupled with a recent economic boom, this might be the first generation in decades to enjoy a future with real hope. Things are, indeed, happening. In this case, at a vacant bus stop. (COMMERCIAL BREAK)  [22:10:09] SAMUELSSON:  They're dog town, man, they're the next generation dog town in Africa.  BOURDAIN:  A few years back, a couple of Ethiopians who had been living abroad returned to Addis with some skateboards.  Today, there are a couple hundred skateboarders in Ethiopia and more on the sidelines waiting for their chance, waiting for a board, waiting for a pair of sneakers.  It's part of that because it's like skater boy culture came from white Southern California suburban, you can pretty much track all the skater culture back to one parking lot.  SAMUELSSON:  Yes.  BOURDAIN:  So, what's coming out of this parking lot? There are no skateboard shops in Ethiopia. None. They have to come all of them from abroad.  SAMUELSSON:  Woo! Nice.  BOURDAIN:  Little kid's good.  SAMUELSSON:  Little kid is amazing.  BOURDAIN:  For those lucky enough to have them, progression seems to be fast.  SAMUELSSON:  This gives me hope. Honestly. This can be a really cool town. Not just a great town with big buildings, you know, but a cool town, too.  BOURDAIN:  For skater boys and television hosts, alike, the thing to do in late-night Addis is something called turbo and tibs.  SAMUELSSON:  I feel like a college party or something like that. It's perfect.  BOURDAIN:  Turbo is a mutant concoction consisting of gin, beer, wine, and Sprite.  What's the first rule of drinking? Don't mix.  Abenezer Temesgen, Addisu Hailemichael, and Buzeo Julien founded Ethiopia Skate. The grassroots skating community that grew up in the parking lots around Addis. Sean Stromsoe is a founding member who's been documenting the group.  All right, man. My first -- my first turbo. Cheers.  SAMUELSSON:  Like apple juice.  BOURDAIN:  You're right.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Sweet.  BOURDAIN:  It is like apple juice. Shekla tibs are chunks of beef or lamb fried in oil and served in a charcoal heated clay pot called a shekla.  SAMUELSSON:  I like the fat tray. I love that. They don't -- they don't hide the fat.  BOURDAIN:  Every tibs house has their own version, but here, at Massey grocery it's served with a spicy dipping sauce called mitmita, and, of course, injera bread.  Yes, that's good. That works.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Gursha. BOURDAIN:  Thank you. How did this skating community form? I mean, did people watch what other people were doing around the world?  SAMUELSSON:  Definitely.  ABENEZER TEMESGEN, SKATER:  Some of them, they go to the internet cafe and they just see videos. That's how I started.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Back in the days, no internet for me. I had to do it, like, the hard way, man.  BOURDAIN:  I would tell you right now if I were Ethiopian, or if I even lived here, I would open a skate shop tomorrow. So, what's the best thing about Ethiopia right now?  SAMUELSSON:  I think back in the day people want to get out from this country, just leave. But now they're like, they just want to work and their mind has changed. And everybody's working together. And working for the better. We're doing this for the next generation. Because the next generation is going to take this.  BOURDAIN:  Did we drink all that turbo?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I don't know. BOURDAIN:  We're terrible people, man. I can go to hell. [22:15:00] (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  So time to catch a buzz.  M. SAMUELSSON:  You guys need to be me bodyguard.  BOURDAIN:  No problem. This place is awesome. This is a charming Ethiopian institution called a Tejbet. They serve one thing and only one thing, tej. An alcoholic beverage made from fermented barley and honey.  It's not very alcoholic. All right. You have to pretty hammer back a lot of this stuff to get a buzz. SAMUELSSON:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  So, basically the people around here who got a load on it, they've been working on this for a long time.  SAMUELSSON:  All day. This is a working class. This is where the workers go.  BOURDAIN:  It's a cheap buzz.  SAMUELSSON:  It's a cheap buzz. Cheers. You just knock it back.  BOURDAIN:  All right.  SAMUELSSON:  It tastes good. Do you feel the funk? Oh, it is, right. BOURDAIN:  Yes, it's working, man.  SAMUELSSON:  I've never seen a woman in a bar like this.  BOURDAIN:  This is sort of a guy thing?  M. SAMUELSSON:  It's my first time. Guys after work, or the farmer.  BOURDAIN:  We're breaking major rules here.  M. SAMUELSSON:  And you have all like the saint pictures there you're drinking.  SAMUELSSON:  And there is lot of Jesus in the bars.  BOURDAIN:  It's the last thing I want to see in the bars, the disapproving gaze of a saint.  In 1992, Addis emerged from the stifling 17-year grip of a hard line, old school, Maoist regime called the derg. Since then, the town has been enjoying something of a musical renaissance.  But the story of Ethiopian music all the way back to the beginning has been about finding ways to skirt authority, to mock it even. To say what you want to say one way or the other.  The Azmari are Ethiopia's original freestyle rappers. They've been around for centuries voicing criticism, dissatisfaction, dissent, even when others could not. So how old?  SAMUELSSON:  Maya, how old is Azmari Bay? I would say, what, 2,000 years?  M. SAMUELSSON:  Just like the first music that we had, right?  BOURDAIN:  The trick is they've always used a system of lyrical double meanings referred to as wax, meaning the apparent meaning, and gold, which is the underlying or real meaning. Poking fun at the audience is fundamental to the form.  (FOREIGN LANGUAGE) [22:20:00] (MUSIC PLAYING) SAMUELSSON:  Maya, you got to help him out. Maya, go, go, go. Disadvantages of being adopted son. She can move and I was like. That's what where the speech chilling out.  BOURDAIN:  The Azmari influenced Ethiopian popular music, too. The use of lyrical double meanings carried through into Selassie's time. They called it swinging Addis.  A golden time between 1955 and 1974. Before those fun-hating commies came and ruined everything.  Post-World War II, Ethiopia was in the delirious thrall of American big band and swing groups like Glen Miller and against the backdrop of a traditional and official obsession with military marching bands, who had the means and the will and the environment to make musical magic.  And this man, Mahmoud Ahmed, has always been at the forefront.  (MUSIC PLAYING) BOURDAIN:  When you look to the West, were there American musicians who spoke to you?  (FOREIGN LANGUAGE) (MUSIC PLAYING) BOURDAIN:  Combining elements of jazz, swing, R&B; and distinctive Ethiopian scales and time signatures and an always killer horn section, well, listen for yourself.  (MUSIC PLAYING) [22:25:00] (COMMERCIAL BREAK) (MUSIC PLAYING) BOURDAIN:  Shela market in Addis Ababa. It's where you come for what you need. What are we here to buy, by the way? What's the plan?  SAMUELSSON:  I want to make doro wot, really the king of chicken dishes in Ethiopia. All right. So, we're going to head down here, get some good butter. Smell the fermentation? The funk.  BOURDAIN:  The funk. Kibe, an Ethiopian butter in various stages of fermentation depending on what you like. It is a primary ingredient in much of the cooking.  M. SAMUELSSON:  So, there is between one that's really fermented and another one is a medium, so she says we should use the medium one.  BOURDAIN:  Right.  M. SAMUELSSON:  For chicken soup. And you use all the spices. It is the most important thing. (FOREIN LANGUAGE)  BOURDAIN:  People from Gurage, Maya's tribal area, run the market, so she knows the language and how to negotiate.  I can smell a frightened chicken... SAMUELSSON:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  ... a mile off. Here we go. How many do we need?  SAMUELSSON:  I just think we need three is fine.  BOURDAIN:  My ma didn't told me get something for dinner, in this case, chicken. Fresh, please. See you, wouldn't want to be. Oh, that's fresh.  SAMUELSSON:  I just love all the sounds. Like, it's like chicken there, music there.  M. BOURDAIN:  How did he get the skin off?  SAMUELSSON:  Maya, he just, one move. He did it.  M. SAMUELSSON:  We used to use like a hot boil water... SAMUELSSON:  Yes. M. SAMUELSSON:  ... after killing it.  BOURDAIN:  Right, dip them in.  M. SAMUELSSON:  That's how I grew up.  (COMMERCIAL BREAK)  [22:30:00] BOURDAIN:  Morocco has ras el hanout, India, garam masala, Ethiopia has this, the brightly colored berbere.  The color is amazing and those guys who grind the stuff are covered with it, breathe it, all day long.  (OFF-MIKE) BOURDAIN:  Still warm. Wow. That's sort of magic, man.  Marcus left Ethiopia at age 2, so finding and reconnecting with his family has not been easy. Tracking down a mom who died in similar circumstances on the right dates following a thread to a dusty village in the Oromo region, where Marcus found the man he has come to accept as his biological father.  He also found Tigis, Salem, Sabini, Ashu, and Daniel presumably his siblings by another mother. Together, Marcus and his sisters make doro wot, a classic chicken stew.  Marcus SAMUELSSON, ETHIOPIAN CHEF:  You talk about old scale and I used it. If you go back to New York can be the chef I have to be, I really need this. Welcome to Sigai family. Sigai family. So, we start with the injera bread, right?  BOURDAIN:  Besides the doro wot we have cabbage, beets, and collards. Root vegetables finished with the livers and giblets of the chicken.  SAMUELSSON:  Actually it looks spicier than it is.  BOURDAIN:  But very good. Though a continuing bone of contention with his father, Marcus and Maya has sponsored the girls moving them all to the city and getting them into school.  In the countryside, these girls faced the likelihood of forced marriage, even abduction and very little chance of the kind of future they might have now.  So how'd that go over with the family when you said I'm going to try to help you?  SAMUELSSON:  I mean, my dad was, like, absolutely not, we need them on the farm.  BOURDAIN:  Right.  SAMUELSSON:  It couldn't have been done without Maya, that really not only translate but also understands the culture. Because I felt also bad coming in as the, quote, unquote, "American, saying OK, everyone should move to the city." Have to be gradually two by two by two.  BOURDAIN:  Right.  SAMUELSSON:  So, when I had to pick which two, I picked the girls because otherwise she would have been out of school by second grade if she would have followed the tradition of the country.  BOURDAIN:  Second grade. That's it. What after that?  SAMUELSSON:  You stay or you work at home. It's been very enriching and loving, you know, for us, and we have a purpose. You know, we know what our goal is. Our goal is to get them through school. You're looking at a chemist in a couple of months.  Whatever new Ethiopia you see, they're it. Farmers coming in, and going to school, and now have options. [22:35:00] (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  Addis is one thing, a city experiencing a renaissance of sorts, an economic boom. Outside of the city, the farther away one gets, one is reminded that, in fact, Ethiopia remains one of the poorest countries in the world.  Marcus and Maya come from two completely different tribes, two completely different regions of Ethiopia with distinct languages and cultures all their own.  Maya comes from the Gurage region, a more fertile, green agricultural area than Marcus'. It's about three hours out from the city, and it's beautiful.  Maya, it should be noted, left home at a much later age. There's no question of identity. She's African. She's Guragen. She retains close ties to her family and her village.  MAYA HEINA SAMUELSSON, MARCUS SAMUELSSON'S WIFE:  Welcome to Gurage.  BOURDAIN:  Thank you. She was here just last year. It's been four years since they've seen Marcus. Maya's mother, Besinesh (ph) and de facto grandmother Alh (ph) welcome us.  When visitors come, everything starts with coffee. Traditionally, it's served here with a bit of salt, not sugar.  SAMUELSSON:  Thank you.  BOURDAIN:  That's good. Maya's story differs from Marcus' in a lot of ways. It was not disease or famine or poverty that drove her and her brother, Petros, to Europe and a new life. It was the brutal reality of politics.  [22:40:07] So, who was your father?  M. SAMUELSSON:  My dad was my hero and everyone's hero, I don't mean everyone, but my brother could explain a little bit more.  PETROS, MAYA'S BROTHER:  He was a local chief, and also a member of the Supreme or the highest court, you can say. During the Haile Selassie period, he was engaged in more innovative and experimental and mechanized farm. When during the Communist...  BOURDAIN:  Yes.  PETROS:  ... period, you know, something unexpected happened.  BOURDAIN:  In 1974, Emperor Haile Selassie was deposed in the very unpleasant General Mengistu and a hardline communist regime called the Derg, took over the country.  As in mountains in China, all agricultural property was taken over by the state and broken up into small parcels. PETROS:  Everything what my father had, the land, the property, is  confiscated, and those who had the authority, they had the chance to work together, to cooperate, or they were enemies.  BOURDAIN:  Right.  Anyone deemed an enemy of the state, and this could be a very dangerously loose definition, but usually and typically included the educated, the well-off, and anyone associated with the former government were hunted down, shunned, jailed, harassed and often straight-out killed.  Maya's dad was all those things. An educated landowner and part of the rural tribal administration from the Selassie time. Most people who had the means left the country.  PETROS:  I know this guy who is appointed, you know, governor of the region. He has 60 people in the region here in three years' time.  M. SAMUELSSON:  Nobody knows where he's coming. BOURDAIN:  Right. M. SAMUELSSON:  So, he'd just knock on our door and my mom, she gets every time he comes, he leaves her bullets. He tells her, this bullet next time is yours if you don't bring your husband.  So, my dad always came to visit us in nighttime so he never been really home around during the daytime.  BOURDAIN:  So for most of that time your father had to live in hiding?  M. SAMUELSSON:  Yes. PETROS:  Yes. And we all survived by the grace of God. We are blessed for this. [22:45:00] (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  Morning in Maya's village. Marcus is a runner. Every day, wherever he is, he runs a few miles. Me, not so much. But with my cardio shockingly improved of late, I figured I'd give it a try.  Maya and Marcus' return not to mention the invasion of a big foreign television crew is reason or maybe excuse for a big party. And preparations have already begun.  Maya slips seamlessly from her other life as a high fashion model back into a more traditional role in village life, working along with an army of other women to prepare what looks like a massive feast. How do they -- how do the ladies feel about you cooking?  SAMUELSSON:  This is... (CROSSTALK)  BOURDAIN:  Causing serious problems?  SAMUELSSON:  No, you already crossed it because you're the first foreigner ever in that kitchen.  BOURDAIN:  A lamb, of course, must be slaughtered. Actually in this case, two lambs because here as in much of Ethiopia, Muslims and Christians live side by side. One lamb gets the Halal treatment. One for the Christians.  (FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN:  It's a peculiar history of peaceful co-existence here of which Ethiopians are quite proud. The Christians came here during the time of the apostles from the very beginnings of Christianity as a religion. (FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN:  And the belief is that Muhammad after being persecuted and driven from Mecca by the Koresh fled to Ethiopia where he found refuge.  (FOREIGN LANGUAGE) SAMUELSSON:  Dog is happy.  BOURDAIN:  Oh, yes. SAMUELSSON:  Nice and blood in his face.  BOURDAIN:  Oh, yes. That's awesome. The production continues. Women in the kitchen, except for Marcus, who looks most comfortable there, though his presence is a befuddlement to the others. Men taking care of the meat. Oh, bro food traditions, you're everywhere.  SAMUELSSON:  You know, none of the people who have cooked today consider themselves cooks. So, all of them like.  [22:49:57] BOURDAIN:  So, like, in rural communities where you kill a bigger couple animals, right, everybody in the village has sort of like chosen specialty, like Bob over there he does the crack of this field and over there is -- does the Buddha. SAMUELSSON:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  So, you have somebody there who's like good at scraping the fur off. Somebody else -- but everybody's got a function. You know, it goes right back to the first fire. I mean, I'll bring -- I'll bring the dip. You know?  M. SAMUELSSON:  Normally, hold it like this then you put everything you want in here.  BOURDAIN:  Got it.  M. SAMUELSSON:  So, you can take some and then we're going to take it around.  BOURDAIN:  Perfect. Goman and ayib are greens, like collards, with a big hit of burbere and ayib cheese. I like the cheese. It's like Ricotta. Lamb kefta, prepared Gurage's style, laboriously diced. Amazing.  M. SAMUELSSON:  This is all, like, inner.  BOURDAIN:  Yes. I got some of that. That's good. That's delicious. SAMUELSSON:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  This, I love, without reservation. Barbecue. Now we're talking. Man, what a meal. Pretty impressive. Then, whiskey, and music. And the party really starts going.  SAMUELSSON:  Thank you for coming to Ethiopia.  (MUSIC PLAYING) [22:55:00] (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  In 2004, at the prompting of his sister, Marcus began an exhaustive search for his lost family. Who was he, after all? Where exactly did he come from? Who in his family had survived, was left? Where were they? He was told that his father was still alive. Living here in Aberagodana Southeast of Addis.  For adoptees looking to return, to reconnect, the journey is complicated. For Marcus each trip has always raised more questions than it's answered. This trip is no different.  SAMUELSSON:  Every time, that last five-minute drive, right. It just -- it just makes me nervous. It makes me really, really excited and nervous at the same time, right? But it's just, take the American hat off and take the Swedish hat off, it's just a different grid.  BOURDAIN:  It's not 110th Street.  SAMUELSSON:  It is not. I come from a dusty place.  BOURDAIN:  You're not kidding.  SAMUELSSON:  They changed it.  M. SAMUELSSON:  They changed it. They make it big.  SAMUELSSON:  Yes.  BOURDAIN:  I leave Marcus alone with his father. This is between them.  (FOREIGN LANGUAGE) SAMUELSSON:  Yes. Aberagodana. I like it. I like Aberagodana.  M. SAMUELSSON:  He wanted to see you. He wanted to see how you guys look alike.  SAMUELSSON:  I wasn't ready for this. Yes. M. SAMUELSSON:  There is a link. They look alike. SAMUELSSON:  Yes. Proof. Proof.  M. SAMUELSSON:  Good idea. He has a better foot than you do.  SAMUELSSON:  He does. I wasn't ready for this.  BOURDAIN:  So, how's it feel to be back? I got to tell you, to be honest, seemed conflicted.  SAMUELSSON:  Yes, there's a thousand thoughts going through my head. I always feel a little guilty that I got out.  BOURDAIN:  If you'd stayed, what do you think you'd be doing right now?  SAMUELSSON:  I would have been a farmer or dealt with some type of cattle.  BOURDAIN:  I'm pretty sure you would have been a shit farmer, Marcus.  SAMUELSSON:  I wouldn't. BOURDAIN:  I just can't see it. OK. You'd be the best dressed god damn farmer, that's for sure. Where's home for you, man? Where do you think, I know looking back on it all. SAMUELSSON:  Yes, that's an eternal question for me. You know, I feel at home in New York. I feel very much at home when I'm in Africa, but I also feel out of place. And coming to this very place, Aberagodana, it gives me a lot of humility. But I can't say it's home. I can't say it's home.  BOURDAIN:  Happiest moment in Africa?  SAMUELSSON:  Happiest moment is I think when we had Maya's village, to me, the whole village comes together. Music, food. Culture brings everybody together. That eating together, being together, it's by far the happiest to me.  [21:00:00] ANTHONY BOURDAIN, CNN HOST:  When I first went up this river, I was sick with love -- the bad kind, the fist around your heart kind.  I ran far but there was no escaping it.  It followed me up river all the way.  That was 10 long years ago, a previous episode of a previous series in a previous life yet, here I am again heading up to that same longhouse in the jungle. Last time I saw all this, I think it's fair to say I was at a turning point in my life.  I promised some people I'd come back, and I am back.  My life has changed a lot.  How much have their lives changed? Kuala Lumpur.  Happy to be here, but brimming with mixed emotions. Surrounded by all the sights, smells, and flavors I remember so well. This is where a wandering soul such as myself can dive right in and get some of that straight Chinese food I've been missing. First order of business, dinner.  Been on a plane for, like, I don't know, it was long.  Very long.  Saw, like, five Mark Wahlberg films. I can't tell you how excited about the prospect of getting some black pepper crab, some Char kway teow and some pork gladed noodles and a regional beverage -- reasonably cold. I don't even know what this is.  I love you, noodles.  Don't want to get all heavy and philosophical at this point, but why I'm here, what my mission is, what I expect to find, basically me tracing my steps and all that.  We'll talk about that later.  Right now, noodles. Gudwa Tei (ph), this place is the most excellent.  Char kway teow? UNIDENTIFED FEMALE:  Char kway teow. BOURDAIN:  Char kway teow, which is -- look at the greasy, fatty. Yes, come to daddy.  I'm a bad man. This is, like, a random restaurant, with purloin Minnie Mouse logo and their food is unbelievably good.  Oh, yeah.  Black pepper crab, come right here.  Reveal yourself to me, my love. Hot, hot, hot.  Oh, yeah. Wow. All right.  The frenzy's over.  Now eat in a more relaxed phase. [21:05:04] Kuala Lumpur rises up out of steamy, equatorial, Southeast Asian jungle, Malaysia's capital city -- a chaotic, multiethnic, multicultural modern metropolis of Malay, Chinese, and Indian. This is where you start out when fulfilling a decade-old promise to your ex-headhunter friends to return for Gawai, the annually Iban rice harvest festival. What was interesting the last time I was there was the old guys with their tattoos and rings on their fingers. EDDIE DAVID, BORNEO INK TATTOO ARTIST:  Yeah.  The old people, a lot of them have passed on. BOURDAIN:  I hear no more skulls.  They made them put the skulls away. The Iban once enjoyed a truly formidable reputation as trackers, warriors, and ritualistic takers of heads.  They were and continue to be wanderers valuing the bejalai, a tradition where every tribesman was set out from the longhouse of his birth to travel, learn, to bring something back.  Each tattoo he gets over the course of his life represents a different experience, a different journey. DAVID:  Basically the tattoos are just to signify knowledge and the wealth they brought back to the longhouse, what you probably would want to get is a warna terang (ph).  Something like this. BOURDAIN:  I like that. DAVID:  Yeah. BOURDAIN:  Since last I saw you, and you gave me this... DAVID:  And it's still there? BOURDAIN:  Still there.  10 years ago at his shop, Borneo Ink, Eddie David tattooed me with an Iban style ouroboros, the symbol of a snake eating its own tail.  Life, death, the eternal ebb and flow.  I think I was going through a hippy phase.  Eddie does great work and he's known for traditional tribal tattoos, but I'm looking forward to getting it done old school this time -- hand tapped in the jungle. So, i need your advice because I'm going back to the same village that I went to last time. DAVID:  Just be careful of the Langkaw (ph). BOURDAIN:  The Langkaw?  Yes, they had it in every type of bottle. This is clear sort of cloudy liquid with particles in it. DAVID:  Sometimes they put all kinds of weird stuff inside. My dad used to tell me they take mosquito coil and leave it inside the langkaw. BOURDAIN:  A mosquito what? DAVID:  Coil. BOURDAIN:  Like the pesticide? DAVID:  Yeah. Just make it, like, stronger, I guess. BOURDAIN:  I would imagine so. DAVID:  That's a natural staple, Gawai, is usually partying, drinking, passing out, waking up, eating, drinking some more, passing out again then getting up and drinking some more.  Yeah.  You're going to have fun, man. BOURDAIN:  Wow.  All right.  So I'm headed upriver again. DAVID MAGI (ph):  Yes, sorry I can't be there. BOURDAIN:  I promised them, I said, "I'm going back." MAGI:  About nine years late on your promise, but... BOURDAIN:  Nine years late. MAGI:  That happens. You know, promises come liberally. BOURDAIN:  It was David Magi who first took me up to the longhouse. On that previous trip we met at Aunty Aini's on the outskirts of K.L. MAGI:  Everything moves exponentially, right.  I just feel like some things remain exactly the same, some things haven't changed at all. This place is certainly one. BOURDAIN:  The charming and for lack of a better word fabulous Aini was an actor in the Malaysian film scene who now runs a very successful Kampung style restaurant specializing in beloved village or country classics. All of them prepared with a staggering finesse and precision. This is delicious, delicious food. AINI, OWNER OF AUNT AINI'S RESTAURANT, ACTRESS:  Welcome. It's been so long.  Oh, my. You still look as handsome as ever.  All right.  So... MAGI:  So let's pick up right where we left off which started with this. AINI:  Help yourself. MAGI:  Thank you. AINI:  You're going to have the roast beef and poached egg and our favorite will be our rendang. BOURDAIN:  Yes. AINI:  This is chicken rendang. BOURDAIN:  So good to be back. AINI:  I love watching you guys eat. BOURDAIN:  Who taught you to cook?  Who was the good cook in your family? AINI:  When we were small, my grandmother would say stuff like, I don't care who you are, if you can't cook, you're nobody to me. BOURDAIN:  Wow. AINI:  Yeah, they're from there.  There's no teaching Malay cooking here.  It comes from your grandma's kitchen, your mom's kitchen. [21:10:02] And you learn by smelling, by seeing.  That's how I teach my children to cook.  All the dishes when you do them, the aroma just floats around.  I know exactly where the chili paste frying in the pan is ready for not.  It's from here.  Basically it's from here. BOURDAIN:  Right.  This food is so perfect.  I mean the flavors are so perfect.  It's so delicious. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  After a two-hour flight from Kuala Lumpur, I land in Borneo, third largest island in the world.  Divided between Malaysia, Brunei, and Indonesia.  Kuching, capital of the Malaysian Sarawak. It's a sleepily city with a colorful 19th century boys adventure story history, pirates, head hunters, opportunists, the former domain of Sir James Brook, an Englishman who came to be known as the white raja. For a century, generations of the Brook family ruled Sarawak as an independent kingdom.  They created their own army, the Sarawak Rangers who also acted as raja's personal guard.  Tomorrow I follow the pavement as far as it goes then it's boats the rest of the way.  But first, breakfast.  And fortunately, I know exactly where to go. I sat at this same table last time.  I look at my life as a continuum, a trail of noodles.  Going round and round the world until it comes right back to the same spicy bowl. [21:15:00] Oh, yeah, that is, can I ay tumescent on CNN?  Yeah, pretty sure I can. Oh, yeah, baby.  This is a magical dish.  I don't know.  It's like two types of noodles I think.  Chicken, prawn, coconut, chili.  You know, the main event of this is the broth.  The wisdom of the ages is contained in there.  It's, like, super complex. Might be more of this. All right.  I'll have another one of these.  More.  It's the broth. The broth.  Look at it.  Thank you.  Now I I'm becoming the object of much amusement.  People have noticed I'm on my second.  Damn.  Best breakfast ever. Love that sound. Before heading out to the longhouse, I'm meeting Kuching native Alex Wong at a dockside karaoke joint on the Malay side of town.  Now, what's up to the karaoke here?  It's popular everywhere, but this is alcohol-free karaoke. ALEX WONG, KUCHING NATIVE:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  In my experience, you have to be really (inaudible) up to do karaoke, but here apparently not. WONG:  No, no.  It's the spirit, you know.  Our people here, they can party any time. BOURDAIN:  So you're coming upriver with us? WONG:  Yes, I am.  I am. BOURDAIN:  Exciting. WONG:  And four days of non-connectivity, you know that, right? BOURDAIN:  Yes.  I'm committed to that.  It's the drinking. WONG:  I'm worried about that, too, seriously, because I'm way past my drinking days, you know... BOURDAIN:  Yeah. WONG:  ... but I don't think there's an escape from it.  Why are you back in Kuching after 10 years?  AAnd why Kuching, you've got a lot other places in Borneo? BOURDAIN:  It's a good question.  I'm revisiting some stuff.  Just some -- I was in a weird place in my head when I first came here.  I was personally, professionally, everything in my life was changing.  I was in this sort of nowhere land between previous life and whatever came next.  I'm retracing my steps to a lot of this to see if it still hurts. WONG:  Ah, OK. BOURDAIN:  And also I said -- I'd promise these guys in the village, the chiefs, that I'd come back.  Well, I made a promise, and I'm going to live up to it. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [21:24:18] BOURDAIN:  Even the jungle wanted him dead.  This Skrang river, what's the line, snakes through the Sarawak jungle like a main circuit cable, plugged straight in a, somewhere.  A place.  The state of mind.  I don't know.  I was a basket case last time I went up this river.  My mind miles away.  [21:25:00] WONG:  Is this how you remember it, Tony? BOURDAIN:  Yeah. WONG:  Exactly the same? 10 years later? BOURDAIN:  Pretty much.  Yeah, so far.  You pick your way upriver,  like walking up a gradual flight of stairs, getting out often to push. With several hours still to go, a stop for lunch.  There we are. We're even right on a beach, too.  All right.  That's cool.  WONG:  Looks like bamboo chicken there. BOURDAIN:  Good. UNIDENTIFED MALE:  Yamay. BOURDAIN:  Good, right? WONG:  It's great.  He said Yamay.  Yamay, that means delicious. BOURDAIN:  Yeah, how's your Iban? WONG:  It's possible, I guess.  A little basic words. BOURDAIN:  I gather the plan is to try to get there before dark. WONG:  I don't think it's going to happen. BOURDAIN:  Yeah, me either. WONG:  No. UNIDENTIFED FEMALE:  Hello. WONG:  Hello. (Speaking in Foreign Language) BOURDAIN:  All those years ago the man who looked after me at the longhouse was named Itam.  Over 80 years old back then, he led us bounding uphill through the jungle like a young gazelle.  He still had the marks on his fingers of a man who'd taken heads, in Itam's case, presumably, communist guerillas when he fought with the British during the Malay insurgency. We drank shots of rice whiskey together under a bouquet of human skulls, trophies from another time.  I promised I'd come back for Gawai, a big deal in the Iban calendar, when friends and relatives return to the longhouse. A lot has changed since Iban tracked communists through the jungle and much has changed in the 10 years since I've been here.  Itam passed away the year before last at the age of 92, and the evidence of how timbering has depleted much of the forest is everywhere, scandalously so. It's dark by the time we arrived, but someone has been waiting for us. Please advise me of protocol. UNIDENTIFED MALE:  (Speaking in Foreign Language) BOURDAIN:  Thank you.  All for me.  Oh, yeah.  Just like old times. There you go, my man.  Custom must be observed.  Thank you.  Woo.  Oh, yeah. UNIDENTIFED FEMALE:  (Speaking in Foreign Language) [21:30:03] WONG:  (Speaking in Foreign Language) BOURDAIN:  More cell phones than last time. WONG:  It's a great welcome. UNIDENTIFED MALE:  (Speaking in Foreign Language) BOURDAIN:  Pardon? UNIDENTIFED MALE:  (Speaking in Foreign Language) BOURDAIN:  Yes.  Madam, my respect, my condolence. UNIDENTIFED MALE:  (Speaking in Foreign Language) She cannot stand longer. BOURDAIN:  Of course. UNIDENTIFED MALE:  (Speaking in Foreign Language) (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [21:35:19] UNIDENTIFED FEMALE:  (Speaking in Foreign Language) BOURDAIN:  Back in Entalau after a lot of years and a lot of miles.  I wake up to the sounds of early morning village life.  Roosters call. The coughing and clearing of lungs as the elders rise to do chores. The whole village leaves here in separate apartments sharing a communal space that runs the length of the building.  Some things have noticeably changed.  The longhouse I first stayed in has been replaced by a somewhat more modern version. These days there's electricity from a reliable diesel generator.  And while there's no cell phone signal, the plumbing works, the washing in the river is still, the way I see it, anyway, the preferable option. In this part of the world, you live or die by the rice harvest. Less so these days as timbering has changed, well, everything out here, but traditions run deep, with the Iban and Gawai, the harvest festival was and remains like Christmas and New Year's rolled into one. We will need pork for Gawai.  And unfortunately, that means a pig must die.  More awkwardly, custom, and my personal history in this village demands, once again, that I do the job.  Down by the river, I shot my baby.  What did he mean by that?  Why would he do that?  Shoot his baby?  Unless baby was a delicious, delicious pig. I'd like to tell you that this is never easy, that I felt this time like I did the first time.  Sad, nauseated, complicit, aware that I crossed a line, been changed by the violence and the blood and the awful noise.  But that would be a lie.  This time, I plunged the spear in without hesitation or remorse. [21:40:18] When the pig dies, finally gives it up.  I feel only relief.  I have been hardened by the last 10 years.  I don't know what that says about me, but there it is. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [21:45:28] UNIDENTIFED MALE:  (Speaking in Foreign Language) BOURDAIN:  Far up Skrang River, the countdown to Gawai is on, and I can't help but be struck by one particular upgrade since my last visit.  Karaoke.  As I come to learn, constant karaoke.  Never-ending karaoke.  From a limited playlist of favorites.  Nearly 24 hours a day accompanied by copious amounts of beer, tuak and other strong spirits. UNIDENTIFED MALE:  (Speaking in Foreign Language) BOURDAIN:  It should be pointed out Gawai isn't just about consuming potentially blinding amounts of alcohol.  It's also about food.  And one would be well advised to eat a lot.  Lay down a solid base for the torment to come.  Oh, thank you.  I feel so guilty.  No, no, not at all, actually. UNIDENTIFED MALE:  Should not. BOURDAIN:  So delicious. All right. UNIDENTIFED MALE:  Tradition that people put rice on your plate. BOURDAIN:  (inaudible) UNIDENTIFED MALE:  Yeah, yeah, yeah. BOURDAIN:  Delicious. UNIDENTIFED MALE:  (Speaking in Foreign Language) Attention, from the first room of this longhouse to the last, tonight we are going to drink to a long life.  Please drink nicely.  Don't argue over politics.  I will not hear any of it.  Even if you get drunk, no fights because a bad name will come to my longhouse. UNIDENTIFED MALE:  (Speaking in Foreign Language) UNIDENTIFED MALE:  Welcome back. BOURDAIN:  Thank you. UNIDENTIFED MALE:  Cheers. BOURDAIN:  Cheers. As the revelry kicks into high gear, there is nowhere to hide.  I know only that if I sit still anywhere within range of hospitality, there will be a river of booze.  Beer, tuak, which is rough hand crafted local rice wine and its more lethal distilled brother, langkaw.  Then somebody's pouring you Johnny Black or J.D. or Vat 69.  Then, langkaw again, then, who knows. You only know it keeps coming until you sag facedown on the hand-woven mats and pass out. [21:50:03] Perfectly acceptable practice, by the way. I wake up, I go to sleep, I wake up again.  The parties move down a few doors but it's still going.  This is an experience that will repeat itself again and again for the next three days.  One time it's the ladies still standing, partying like it's 1999, dancing and drinking.  And another time it's the old dudes, the village chiefs and elders.  And then everybody, elders, women and children visiting relatives and their families from Kuala Lumpur, Kuching, and from abroad, whatever circumstances that the bejalai took them. And the parties are in no shape to discern. UNIDENTIFED MALE:  One, two, three. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [21:55:35] BOURDAIN:  Morning routine, wake up, feed the chickens, rake the pepper drying in the sun and then it's time to rock the bike, people, and it starts all over again.  While the party continues up at the longhouse, I've got an appointment. If you were wondering by the way if this hurts, two guys hammering away on my sternum with a bamboo club and sharp need tells.  Yes, it hurt a lot and you can be damn sure if I wasn't in television while it was happening, I'd be whimpering and yelping like a gut shot poodle. UNIDENTIFED MALE:  Right there.  Stand up. BOURDAIN:  All right.  Good.  Very happy, guys.  Thank you. (Inaudible).  All right.  Let's party. Another tattoo is never going to make me younger, tougher or more relevant.  It won't reconnect me 10 years from now with some spiritual crossroads in my life.  No. At this point, I think my body is like an old car.  Another dent ain't going to make a whole lot of difference.  At best, it's a reminder that you're still alive and lucky as hell. Another tattoo, another thing you did, another place you've been.  The final long gaze at the river, take in probably for the last time in my life, the slow rhythms.  One more thing to do, say goodbye to an old friend. He was a very strong man. UNIDENTIFED MALE:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  I remember him well running uphill faster than all of us. So what do we do?  Leave him a beer, some cigarettes? UNIDENTIFED MALE:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  He would like that? UNIDENTIFED MALE:  Yes, he'll like that. BOURDAIN:  First cigarette in two years (inaudible). [22:00:10] BEN CARSON, (R) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE:  Do you think I'm pathological liar like CNN does? [21:00:00] ANTHONY BOURDAIN, CNN HOST: All I'm going to say is, Bill O'Riley, if you like to experience a report from a real combat zone, you can come over any day in New York. You can get your ass kicked by a 59-year-old man. That will be danger zone. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) (SINGING) BOURDAIN (voice-over): So we begin at the end. (SHOUTING) BOURDAIN: After a wild week in Seoul, there was, I believe, something called social involvement. There were many strange and delightful things to eat. Things might have spun slightly out of control. I took a walk through this beautiful world, felt the cool rain on my shoulder, found something good in this beautiful world I felt the rain getting colder. (SINGING) UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The biggest difference between Korean fried chicken and American fried chicken -- BOURDAIN (on camera): Chicken tonight. I feel so clean. I've never felt so clean. (SHOUTING) (LAUGHTER) (SHOUTING) (SINGING) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Next, we'll be performing a medially from flavor town. Who is everybody here? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Oh, yeah, baby. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Oh, yeah, baby. BOURDAIN: Come to me, come to me. Powerful in a small girly way. Is this what goes with food or is this food that goes with my triumphant return to Korea. (LAUGHTER) UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Whoops. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Oh, yeah. BOURDAIN: IT should surprise no one that I'm in a happy place right now. (voice-over): Maybe the best way to tell this story is to start at the end. (SHOUTING) BOURDAIN: Like a dog returning to its own vomit, I keep flashing back to --was it last night? The night before? I smell fried chicken on my clothes so perhaps -- (on camera): Hello, Nari. NARI: We meet again. BOURDAIN: Am I glowing with health and pink, freshly scrubbed? NARI: Yes. I was just going to say that you look like a better version of yourself. Why is that? BOURDAIN: Because I've lost about eight pounds of dead skin. (LAUGHTER) NARI: Today, Koreans like the idea of optimal cleanness. We like to be the most clean possible. BOURDAIN: I don't know. I'm OK frankly with soap and water frankly. And beer. NARI: Yes. Let me see if I can pour this properly for you. Yes, there you go. Do you know about this? BOURDAIN: No. NARI: The Koreans have many eating traditions. If you have a very big production or a very big event that's important, you celebrate that in a proper way. BOURDAIN: What are we celebrating? NARI: We're celebrating the end of this Korea show. BOURDAIN: Oh, I thought you said something important. (LAUGHTER) NARI: This is important. This is the most important thing you've ever done. BOURDAIN: OK, there's nothing involved with salt. I don't have to rub that into my raw, thick skin. I'm a broken man. (SINGING) BOURDAIN (voice-over): I seem beneath the shame and a headache to be missing a few layers of skin, as if I've been rubbed somehow raw. I believe in clean, really, but this is beyond clean. This is sanded, stripped, filleted. The beer is not helping. Well, maybe it is. BOURDAIN (on camera): I think I've had enough. The gleeful embrace of mixing whiskey, rice wine, beer, and it seems to tempt the fates. Ooh. NARI: Ooh. BOURDAIN: Yes. NARI: Let me ask you one more question. BOURDAIN: Uh-huh. NARI: What do you think about Han now after your trip? [21:05:05] BOURDAIN: I'm brimming with Han. I mean, I could never actually have a Han because I'm not that Korean. This is a genetically cellular thing. I understand. But it's something I feel I can really relate to. I'm definitely -- revenge is a dish best served cold kind of guy. I'll take revenge any time I can get it actually. (LAUGHTER) I could eat some more chicken actually. NARI: You eat a lot of chicken. You didn't eat all day, did you? BOURDAIN: No, I did not love myself this morning. NARI: But you felt better after your scrub down? BOURDAIN: It was like punish the evil. (MUSIC) BOURDAIN (voice-over): This social contract, the confusion hierarchy of age before everything -- (SHOUTING) BOURDAIN: -- fades away. We are no longer Mr. Ha, Mr. Park, Mr. Noh, and Mr. Tony. We move as one, a band of bros through the night, the world our oyster. (SINGING) (SHOUTING) (MUSIC) BOURDAIN (on camera): I feel like a boy band. (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN: Johnny Cash. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Johnny Cash? BOURDAIN (voice-over): All I can say is thank god there was no karaoke. (on camera): I must have blocked it out. (voice-over): All roads lead to here. I knew that. No escape, only embrace. I am now, after an evening of cultural emersion, acutely aware of my role as big brother. My new friends looking at me to set an example. (on camera): All right, guys. Let's party. (SINGING) (SHOUTING) BOURDAIN: Ah, soju. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Nice to meet you. BOURDAIN: So correct me if I'm wrong here, it is dried squid, M&Ms;, and mixing your alcohols? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yeah. (CROSSTALK) (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN: It seemed like a good idea back at the office. (SINGING) BOURDAIN: Next, they'll be performing a medley from "Mama Mia." (SINGING) (LAUGHTER) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We got a low score. We only got 45. BOURDAIN: Mouse? Mouse fish. (SINGING) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Tony? (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) (SHOUTING) BOURDAIN: You got to go somewhere else. You got to go somewhere else. (voice-over): Squid treats and M&Ms;? Sure. Makes perfect sense. In fact, there were oysters somewhere along the route. But the tale that becomes increasingly worrying with our alcohol intake. (on camera): Oysters, awesome. Nice. Competitive drinking and shellfish. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Have you ever played in Korean drinking games? BOURDAIN: No. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Well, they have a lot of them. It keeps the energy up and keeps everyone kind of drinking. BOURDAIN: Stop two. (CROSSTALK) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: All right. We're going to play a little game first. Tony, we're going to let you start the festivities. You have to use a chop stick, hit everything forward, it's going to splash up. BOURDAIN: What? A strike or a push? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A push. (SHOUTING) (APPLAUSE) [21:10:22] BOURDAIN: They introduced a lot of games. We're not going to go through them all because it would take forever and we'd be really, really drunk. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: But this game is called the bottle cap game. We're going to pass this around in a circle and you're going to flick it as hard as you can. (LAUGHTER) (SHOUTING) BOURDAIN: No one wins or loses. We all get drunk. Very good. (SHOUTING) BOURDAIN: That is brotastic. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: OK, this is chop sticking. (SHOUTING) BOURDAIN: Don't play this game with engineers. (SHOUTING) BOURDAIN: Oh, don't hurt the man. He's been hitting those oysters hard. (LAUGHTER) See you in flavor town. (SHOUTING) (LAUGHTER) (SHOUTING) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's pretty good. (LAUGHTER) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: That's good. (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN: We got to go somewhere else. Yeah, we're going. Let's hit the street, guys. (voice-over): Well past soju bottle number nine, the idea that only an hour earlier we sat like gentlemen and had barbecue. A rapidly fading memory. (MUSIC) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Tony, how many bottles can you drink? BOURDAIN: We'll see. (SHOUTING) (voice-over): Yes, I remember now. Somewhere near the start of the evening, the moment little brother grabbed the reins of our soon-to-be careening chariot unfettered by the so-called good sense and the reality of work tomorrow. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Eat the egg. Eat the egg before it gets cooked too much. BOURDAIN (on camera): That's good. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's good. You like the marinated one, right? BOURDAIN: Yeah, yeah, yeah. (voice-over): This being Korea, beer is a must, as is apparently soju. I had forgotten that part. (on camera): What seems to define Korea as I know it is it anticipates the future very, very well. This is a country that's famous for looking forward, looking into the future. Where does one go to see Korea's past, and are these guys sentimental about it at all? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) (LAUGHTER) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) Younger brother. BOURDAIN: Younger brother? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Younger brother. BOURDAIN: All right, younger brother. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN (voice-over): My mission for purposes of television is to ingratiate myself with a total group of strangers, insinuate myself into their lives, observe what they call -- and please excuse my painful pronunciation -- (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE). It's an expression combining the concepts of company and meal. In Korean business culture, this would be a regular thing. A one night corporate retreat, if you will, which is how I ended up at my appointment with the fates, a barbecue joint popular with the salary man. (on camera): Who is everybody here? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Noh, Noh. BOURDAIN: Mr. Noh. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What's your name? BOURDAIN: Tony. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Tony. I think they like me. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Do you drink soju? BOURDAIN: I do. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: OK. Here we go. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [21:17:53] UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN: This is Anthony Bourdain, CNN, good night. I'm being forced out. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE). Good bye. (voice-over): Notice the totally blessed-out happy look on my face. Observe the bowl with nothing left but fiery remnants. Behold the magnificence that is budae jjigae. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN (on camera): Enough, enough. That's good. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN: Geez. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN: Oh, man. That's going to go straight to my hips. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN: Yes. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: OK, OK. Thank you. BOURDAIN: This is a magical dish. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN: So most people are not sentimental about their time in the military. Why do this? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN: Everybody serves in the military, right? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes. It's mandatory in Korea. BOURDAIN: All right. Well. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN: Very happy. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You want the recipe for this? (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN: I got the recipe now. (voice-over): It's everything mama warned you about, and it's got it all, baby. And when the music is over, your life will have changed forever. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: One, two, three. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) [21:20:14] UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN: OK. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: OK. (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN: OK. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: OK. Kimchi. (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN: Yes. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: OK? BOURDAIN: Yeah. (voice-over): Dating back to famine years of the Korean War, scrounging and scavenging from American military bases, it is a classic example of necessity feeding the mother of deliciousness. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN: Hot dogs, canned baked beans, Spam, instant noodles, put together with the every present goju jong (ph) and kimchi. It became an enduring and deeply loved classic. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Baked beans. BOURDAIN (on camera): Like I used to say to my first girlfriend, how could something so wrong be so right. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN: You got that right. (UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) OK. BOURDAIN: No, no, no. (LAUGHTER) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN: No. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No. BOURDAIN: Wow! UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No. (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN: I tell you. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN: I'm sorry about that. (LAUGHTER) Sorry, man. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN: Regrettable incident. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN: Looks healthy. Look at this thing. Look at the color alone. It's just -- UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN: In go the noodles. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN: Wow. Yeah, baby. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yeah, baby. BOURDAIN: Come to me, come to me, my love. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes. (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN: Little Spam in there. (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN: Good job, chef. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Good job. BOURDAIN: Good chefs. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, yes, yes. Thank you. (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN: My pleasure. Any time. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Any time. BOURDAIN (voice-over): In a society reeling from conflict and deprivation, largely without meat or fresh ingredients, this was the gift of the G.I. The Korean War lasted from 1950 to 1953, but in many ways, it never ended. The country is split in half and in a constant state of alert. 120 miles to the north, a crazy dictator with an enormous standing army, a bad haircut, and a nuclear arsenal. This, we know. But the war, in dividing a country and a culture also divided families, altered forever the Korean character. Chef's Kin Berion's (ph) early experience working the mess hall during his mandatory military service led directly to super stardom. Now from this unassuming army surplus tent, he beams his cooking show live in more than 50,000 homes a day via something called the Internet. And he's not the only one. There's competition. Lots of it. Broadcast eating, it's kind of a phenomena in Korea, which is how I suppose wound up in a tent on the outskirts of Seoul. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN (on camera): How are you doing? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN: Right here? All right. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: OK. BOURDAIN: Classic indigenous ingredients. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No, no, no, no. Spam. BOURDAIN: Oh, wonderful. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: OK? BOURDAIN: Yeah. Excellent. All right. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [21:28:07] UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) (MUSIC) BOURDAIN: It's a slaughter-fest. I've gotten the poor thing killed like 12 times already today, so I think I'm going to hang it up. (MUSIC) BOURDAIN: All right, I'm ready for some food. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: In Korea, the food delivery system is really good. BOURDAIN: Really good. A whole bunch you can just order. (CROSSTALK) BOURDAIN: You can just order food while you're playing? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yeah. Yeah. BOURDAIN (voice-over): P.C. Bomb sounds like a male porn star. I know. But this one has a smoking lounge and a well-stocked snack bar. Energy drinks seems a popular order. But here in Seoul, given that there's an entire strata of professional gamers, more sustainable food is, from time to time, required. No problem. Anything you want right to your console. (on camera): I'm sure this is an obvious question but, like real life, does it have any attraction? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Real life? BOURDAIN: Real life, you know, non-gaming world. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: People love it. Professional gamers, people love the professional gamers. They get a lot of fame for that. BOURDAIN: Right. Oh, man. Wow. This is too much. Oh. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You got to get the sauce with the noodle. BOURDAIN: Yep. It's a black noodle. It should be all black. Tasty. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Good? BOURDAIN: That'll work. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Some of the games you can play while still eating. BOURDAIN: Yeah. Really, one handed? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Basically, you eat a little bit. BOURDAIN: And play the game? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You eat a little bit and then play the game BOURDAIN: The only game I've ever really gotten serious about and lived with a year -- I mean, I spent a lot of time, and it was GTA Vice City (ph). UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Oh. And for my opinion, it is a little bit violent for me. That's my personal opinion. [21:30:00] BOURDAIN: Look, there was a lot of bleeding out in this game. I mean -- UNIDENTIFIED MALE: That's true. BOURDAIN (voice-over): Over the mountain and through the woods to grandmother's house we go, blowing some shit up on the way. Was it right shift, left mouse click or the other way around? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) UNIDENTIFIED MALE (on camera): OK. I'm looking for the little guys with the red over them. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yeah. (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN: That doesn't look good. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yeah. You got killed. BOURDAIN: Oh, geez. I'm re-spawning. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yeah, re-spawning. You could target. You can pull long distance or short distance depending on where your target is. BOURDAIN: I'm just learning how to move here. Oh, poor Little Red Riding Hood. She's not good. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN: If I'm shooting something, it's me. (LAUGHTER) Oh, no. Little Red Riding Hood, you're bleeding out again. (SHOUTING) Oops. Didn't make it. I don't see any bad guys. Are these friends? Oops. (voice-over): Back in the old days, before time itself, spending 17 hours a day at places like this was frowned upon by family. Now gaming has become a respected and often lucrative profession in Korea. Simon has pretty much retired from gaming, per se. Instead, he makes a living advising rising stars in the industry. (on camera): You do this for a living? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yeah. BOURDAIN: How many hours a day? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The professional gamers, they spend all day playing this game. They wake up, play a game, practice. Have lunch, practice again, have dinner, and go to sleep. BOURDAIN (voice-over): Today, the game is one of those multiplayer kill fests where mighty avatar boast a range of abilities, raining death on each other from remote consoles across the globe or just other there. (on camera): There we go. This is all about love. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Really cute. Little girl. BOURDAIN: That's me? Oh, geez. Can we choose another avatar maybe? Something more killy? I don't know if I'm going to strike fear into my enemies. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Oh, yeah. It's done properly. BOURDAIN: Powerful in a sort of small girly thing. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's very amazing where, you know, little girl comes around the corner having a big fireball on your head. BOURDAIN: Right. OK, well, I'll try to keep up with you for a few minutes. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yeah. Basically, press "W" for throwing and press right and left clicked together. Right key on the mouse and then the right "P" on the mouse -- BOURDAIN: To go forward is "W"? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Uh-huh. Yeah. "E" shift and left together. BOURDAIN: Shift and then -- And press right and left clicked together. Right key on the mouse Left together, yeah. Then space, right click, left shift with left click together. BOURDAIN: Brutal. How long did it take you to figure out how to move around in this world? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: About 10 minutes. BOURDAIN: 10 minutes, yeah. (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN (voice-over): OK, me and Simon are going up against these kids and I'm expecting to pistol whip some bitches unless time has once again passed me by. (SHOUTING) BOURDAIN: The life of a professional video gamer is a concept that's not easy for me to grasp. These young nerdlingers are famous. They have TV shows where they compete and are making actual cash money. They have sponsors and super fans? They probably even get laid off this shit? And that explains how Little Red Riding Hood ended up bleeding out on the cold, hard, virtual floor. (on camera): Should we start the game? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yeah, let's have a game. BOURDAIN: Sure. OK, where's our opponents? (COMMERCIAL BREAK) (LAUGHTER) [21:38:] BOURDAIN: What fire you have. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Don't say anything about Wayne Newton. He's the man. (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN: He's early 90s west coast. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'm an east coast guy. BOURDAIN: I know. (LAUGHTER) I'm not entirely convinced that Korean food is healthy. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Have you always been a food guy? BOURDAIN: I think sometimes I've appropriated the Han. I'm very happy here. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Last one? BOURDAIN: Yeah. Is this drinks that goes with food or is this food that goes with drinks? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The culture is you have to have something that goes well with that drink. BOURDAIN: We should probably be drinking that, right? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes. Have you had soju before? BOURDAIN: Oh, yeah. How often can you come to a place like this acceptably per week? Would you come every day after work? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Once. BOURDAIN: Like when someone slumps to the ground and goes to sleep, would that be OK? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It wouldn't be, but I've seen it too many times. (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN: What's good to eat here? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I like to recommend the soup of death. It's a soup, but the main ingredient in that is silk worms. BOURDAIN: OK. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: That OK? BOURDAIN: Yeah, sure. Oh. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Nice, huh? BOURDAIN: Oh, yeah. (voice-over): Eating bugs, that is so last network. (LAUGHTER) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: How do you like the soup? BOURDAIN (on camera): The soup is awesome. I'm going to go home and have benisans (ph) tonight. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: In the old days, they didn't have the soup. BOURDAIN: Right. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I don't know. They just ordered it. They put in like just paper cups and just eat it like a hors' d'oeuvre BOURDAIN: I'm going to get the silk worm out of my soup and make me a sweater. (LAUGHTER) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Even Koreans don't eat this all the time, but I guess this country makes you feel like if you can't eat this, then you're not Korean. BOURDAIN: What were you born? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I was born in New York. BOURDAIN: You were born in New York? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes. BOURDAIN: And were there until -- UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Until roughly 21. I grew up on the streets and grew up in New York City. It was automatically, you're a chink. Wait a minute, a chink, isn't that supposed to be Chinese? I'm Korean and that's where the whole number-one Korean comes from. Hey, I'm Koran and I'm proud to be Korean. [21:40:25] BOURDAIN (voice-over): Mark is what's called (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE), meaning Korean who has lived abroad. As things get brighter over here, more and more people are, like Mark, moving back home for the ever more numerous opportunities. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: When I came here, it just felt right to me. I'm here. These are my peoples. This has what I've been missing. But I was considered not really Korean. I was considered an outsider in my own country. I had like this thing going on because I was like, OK, am I not Korean enough if I don't do this, if I don't drink this, if I don't eat this. But there was a sense of I want to learn this if that makes me feel more Korean. BOURDAIN (on camera): Nice. Is this so hard to walk in and eat delicious food and get hammered in the street? Being Korean is pretty awesome. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Last one? BOURDAIN: Yeah. BOURDAIN (voice-over): Nighttime in Seoul and everywhere you go, it seems, food and drink. This is what they call a (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE). I guess it's kind of like a pub, if pubs could operate in the street. You can have drinks, and, well, I guess you could call it, pub food. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We're about to go eat something really, really good. Welcome to Seoul. Let's do this. BOURDAIN: My new friend, Mark, helped popularize Western-style hip- hop in Korea, an event that led me to eating silk worms in a tent. (on camera): Hi. How are you doing? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Good to meet you. BOURDAIN: Good to meet you. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Thanks for having me on. BOURDAIN: Oh, man. So where are we? (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [21:45:53] (SHOUTING) (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN: Do I have the position correct? Are you complaining about your hours? (SHOUTING) (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN: Number-one selling liquor in the whole world. (CROSSTALK) BOURDAIN: Get many my mouth and stay there. (LAUGHTER) NARI: She's already dead. BOURDAIN: Come on. I'm getting this weird sense of deja vu. (LAUGHTER) I have been in a fish market in Seoul at some point? (CROSSTALK) BOURDAIN: Some previous life. NARI: What should we toast to this time? BOURDAIN: To a triumphant return to Korea. (CROSSTALK) BOURDAIN (voice-over): There's something I'm increasingly crazy about, that I've been craving, bon Chong (ph), the spicy, pickly, delicious snacks that accompany your meal in Korea. (on camera): Ah, I miss this. This is, for me, one of the most exciting things about Korean foods is the Bon Chong (ph), yeah. NARI: Doesn't that make you want to drink more soju? BOURDAIN: Is that a hint or something? (LAUGHTER) NARI: Oh, no, no, no, no. BOURDAIN: Oh, yeah, right. NARI: I know the formality of it all. BOURDAIN (voice-over): The appetizers, yes, I remember these guys. (on camera): Ah, again. NARI: Those are familiar. BOURDAIN: Bringing back memories. Oh, here we go. NARI: So this is spicy stew. BOURDAIN: I need it to burn. NARI: It has everything under the sun seafood wise. You can find crab, all kinds of fish. BOURDAIN: Fishermen stews all over the world. NARI: Exactly. This bowl for me, that's the perfect example of Koreans in general. We love being together in a space, huddled around a bubbling pot of something. BOURDAIN: What can I tell you? This is good. You are failing your duties as a young assistant. NARI: I'm sorry. I'm sorry. OK? BOURDAIN: We don't have to drink it immediately, do we? (LAUGHTER) Face planting. NARI: Koreans, they just want each other to drink as much as possible. Peer pressure drinking is kind of a big deal. May I have another glass please? BOURDAIN (voice-over): Korean drinking etiquette 101, you never pour your own drink. Younger pours for the older and you never drink alone. (on camera): How come all the Korean guys are so tormented? Like they're all carrying around an unseen weight. NARI: Every single Korean person is born with this thing called Han, which is a deep sorrow and anger. It has nothing to do with your upbringing. BOURDAIN: It's genetic? NARI: Yeah. It's in our blood. BOURDAIN (voice-over): Han, my favorite Korean word. It has many implied and specific meanings. But generally speaking, it is a mixture of endurance, yearning, sorrow, regret, bitterness, spite, hatred, and a grim determination to bide your time until revenge can at last be exacted. (LAUGHTER) NARI: Revenge is a very, very sweet tasting thing for Koreans because there's been so much wrong that's happened to us. BOURDAIN (on camera): Right. What about little Timmy McMaster who is made fun of you in second grade for bringing Kimchi to school? He laughed at you and said it smelled like garbage. Is there vengeance coming their way? NARI: My greatest vengeance would be that those people think about that time that they made fun of me. I want them to actually love Korean food now. BOURDAIN: But doesn't sound anywhere close to personal suffering. NARI: Well, that's my personal story. BOURDAIN: I was thinking more along the lines of electric nipple clamps. And then I would drive over them. And not kill them, by the way. They slowly bled to death from thermal artery -- NARI: The reason that Koreans are able to just not wallow in that is because of this other emotion called Chung. It is a deep fondness that you have for your other Koreans. And people all focus on Han and I'm like, yeah, I know, like, Han, yes, yes, yes, it exists. No one is denying that. We all have it. But Chung, no one talks about that, and it's equally strong. [21:50:21] BOURDAIN: OK. I believe you. NARI: I don't think you believe me about this Chung thing. BOURDAIN: No, I believe you. I like the whole idea of Han. I totally get that as an engine. I like that. I like that dark side. The fact that this word exists is sort of awesome because a negative emotion has been converted into a number of very, very, very positive developments. NARI: Absolutely. Koreans are, you know, this amazing group of people that don't curse, and eat amazing food, and we like to drink and have fun. BOURDAIN: Oh, stop sucking up. (LAUGHTER) So, to the Han. NARI: We need to make a serious toast. (CROSSTALK) NARI: We're unique and we're amazing. BOURDAIN: That describes me. I'm not drinking this. NARI: No, you don't have to drink it. (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN (voice-over): My relentlessly cheerful friend and colleague, Nari. She loves Korea and all things Korean and wants nothing more than to make everybody love it as much as she does. That's why she brought me here to the Garak (ph) Fish Market where you find the kinds of casual joints that I love. I will have, let me see, perhaps the fish. (on camera): I want some enchana (ph). I want some spicy stuff and we'll start off by drinking some soju. NARI: Yes. BOURDAIN: I'm getting a weird sense of deja vu. (LAUGHTER) Like haven't we been at a fish market in Seoul or some place -- NARI: Walk down memory lane. BOURDAIN: -- in some previous life. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [21:55:41] BOURDAIN (voice-over): The past, the present, the future, in Korea, they all bleed together. If you're there for the whole ride, one explains the other. Drop in, in the middle, and it makes no sense at all. Korean culture, as far as I can tell, is defined by the drive to succeed, a churning engine fueled by decades of Han, a remarkable ability and remarkable willingness to anticipate the future. It reaches back across time and binding Millennials and generations long since passed. Last time I was here, I was working for some other network, the bacon channel or the competitive eating channel. What was that old show called? It was so long ago. Back then, I was dragged around in Nari Ki's (ph) tiny but powerful wake, as I recall. That was nearly a decade ago. Things have changed since then. I've changed. And I'm guessing Nari's changed, and Korea, Korea has certainly changed. The Korean War ended more than half a century ago, but in some ways it's still going. The North and South have been on perpetual war footing ever since. It's a psychological and physical scar. Korea is literally split in half. But that's not what this show is about. There aren't many comparisons to South Korea's stratospheric rise over the last decade. One of the poorest countries as recently as '60s, today, it claims one of the world's fastest growing economies. The government has been extremely shrewd and forward thinking about selling the world all things Korean -- underwriting, encouraging, financing and supporting the export of intangibles, things like music, movies, TV show, food, the whole Korean sensibility. And the world is responding, learning to love what Koreans have always loved. The heart of Korea is Seoul, capital city, a bustling metropolis, futuristic in look and character, population 25 million. (on camera): Look at that. They have a selfie stick. Everybody is taking pictures of their food. They feel right at home. (voice-over): In October 2014, I went back to Korea. This is what I saw. (on camera): This makes me so happy. The kimchi. Make room for the noodles. Oh, that's good. It should be no surprise that I'm in a happy place now. Oh, yeah. First night back, right to the market. A bunch of unrecognizable but invariably and inevitably delicious food. Good to be back, man. Good to be back. (LAUGHTER) (SINGING) [21:00:00] ANTHONY BOURDAIN, PARTS UNKNOWN HOST:  What does it mean to be strong? It implies hardness and flexibility.  Okinawa is a place with a fighting tradition and a history of ferocious resistance but it's nothing like what you might think.  Not at all. This is Okinawa.  Just south of mainland Japan.  For all the relative rigidity of the mainland, Okinawa answers in its own unique way. Don't eat the same thing each day.  That's boring.  There's even an Okinawan term for it, champuru, something mixed.  Bits borrowed from all over, served up for anyone to eat. But maybe you're more familiar with the name, Okinawa, from this, as the setting for some of the most horrifyingly bloody battles of the Second World War.  How horrifying?  For the ally, there were more than 50,000 casualties with around 12,000 killed or missing in action. Over nearly three months of fighting.  More than 100,000 Japanese soldiers and Okinawan conscripts were killed defending the island. Civilians were stuck in the middle of the two armies and got crushed. No one will know for sure, but historians estimate 150,000 men, women, and children lost their lives during the battle.  What most don't know is that Okinawa had only become Japan fairly recently.  That's with great extent Okinawans didn't even consider themselves really Japanese or vice versa.  That Okinawans and Japanese considered themselves to be different ethnicities, spoke two different languages and culturally, culinarily, and many other ways looked in different directions. Yet, Okinawans were asked to make the ultimate sacrifice, and they did.  That's not just ancient history. It informs the present, still. Okinawa is the largest of over 100 islands making up the Ryukyu island chain.  It's just over 300 miles from the mainland, but worlds apart. Okinawa is different.  It's tropical.  Clear waters.  Some of the best beaches in Asia.  To the decidedly more laid back, less frenetic, self-serious attitude than the mainland. You can feel it.  You can see it.  It's just different here. 2,000 pounds of heavily muscled beef enters the arena.  You can feel the ground shake under its heavy hoofs.  His opponent awaits.  Togyu, also known as oshi sumo.  Sumo, yes, but bull sumo. These are professionals, and like Jake Lamotta and Chuck Wepner before them, they shall live to fight or do other stuff another day.  Having shed decidedly less blood than either of those two gentlemen.  Two animals, two handlers.  And they do like the verges memories job in rocky. Unlike fighters of sumo, the bulls are ranked by their ability, their record in the ring.  The highest being Yokozuna.  This is Kenny Aman. He lives up the road.  Is there a time limit or do they go until somebody gives up? [21:05:02] KENNY AMAN, OKINAWAN:  I think they pretty much go until somebody gives up.  When it gets around with one... BOURDAIN:  Is there a points system? AMAN:  No, there's no points system.  Basically when the other one turns around and runs away, that's the winner.  Few times one bull will actually get around to the side and actually be able to flip the bull over. BOURDAIN:  Right.  Win or lose or survive?  Both? AMAN:  Most of the times you'll have injuries but most the time the bulls go home and... BOURDAIN:  They go home to be happy? AMAN:  They do. BOURDAIN:  Nobody's turned into steaks or cutlets? AMAN:  No. BOURDAIN:  Togyu started as early as the 17th century with farmers pitting bull against bull.  They love it in agricultural communities so much that it was briefly banned in some places because farmers were spending too much time at the fights and not enough time growing sugarcane. Like Cus D'amato in the young Tyson, their handlers raise these beasts from cabs caring for them on one hand, and training them, conditioning them to be monsters in the ring on the other.  Yeah.  Does one wager on this? AMAN:  I guess the official answer would be that gambling's illegal in Japan, but... BOURDAIN:  Intermission.  Time for a corn dog, some funnel cake, curly fries?  No.  Better.  Much better.  Yakitori.  Yes, they have that. But when in Okinawa, do as the Okinawas do.  Yakisoba.  Start with pork belly as one should, some hacked up sausage, cabbage, carrots, fry that stuff up on the griddle, add some chukamen noodles, sauce, soy, mirin, brown sugar, vinegar and a bit of sake.  Top with seaweed a bit of pickled ginger garnish and eat now.  He looks that scary. Yeah. AMAN:  He's ready to go.  This guy I think is going to win this one. BOURDAIN:  But we haven't seen his opponent.  Yeah.  My money's on him. Pretty decisive win at that.  I'm not accusing anybody of gambling, but I see some money changing hands.  (Inaudible) If you're looking for sushi or ramen, you of course, find them in Okinawa.  But what you need to know, what you must know, is that in Okinawa, pork is king.  OK, they got tofu, too. Here at Oruzun, they do specifically Okinawan food the Okinawan way. UNIDENTIFED FEMALE:  (Speaking in Foreign Language) AMAN:  (Speaking in Foreign Language) This is the tofu... BOURDAIN:  OK. AMAN:  ... which you eat a little at a time. BOURDAIN:  Is it that strong? AMAN:  It is a little strong, yeah.  It has, like, a cheese type of texture. BOURDAIN:  It's good. AMAN:  Not bad, right? BOURDAIN:  It is like blue cheese.  Pork belly? AMAN:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  Okinawans love pork, every part of the magical animal, the pig. At Oruzun, the pork belly is slowly cooked in stock heavily infused with bonito flakes and awabori (ph).  The ears are simmered until tender, thinly sliced and addressed in rice wine vinaigrette. And the ribs after brining in sake and seasonings are slowly roasted. So you grew up in New Jersey.  How did you find your way to Okinawa? AMAN:  Well, my mom was from here.  My dad was in the navy.  He was stationed here, met my mom and wound up back in New Jersey because that's where my dad was from, Paterson.  And I was born and raised there.  The school I went to was predominantly Caucasian kids.  There wasn't many Asian-Americans at all. [21:10:01] BOURDAIN:  Right. AMAN:  And I always had this kind of like identity complex.  There would be, like, times where people would come to the house.  They'd say, "Oh, where's your mom from?  Is she from China?" BOURDAIN:  Oh God.  Yeah.  Right. AMAN:  Open the refrigerator and there would be some weird food.  Hey, what's that?  What do you eat?  And every time I heard that, I was like, "Wow, am I like -- am I different?"  And also, one day my mom says, "We're going back to Okinawa on a family trip."  I was 17 years old. BOURDAIN:  And you'd never been up to that point? AMAN:  No, but when I got off the plane, I don't know what it was.  It was like, I'm here.  This is my home.  Being able to connect my heritage, I felt something.  I was like, "Wow, I belong here." BOURDAIN:  How about the food?  What was in that refrigerator? Because I know a lot of kids who grew up with that same sort of uncertainty when they brought their friends home from school to their house and opened the refrigerator.  You know, like Kimchi or cabbage or fish sauce.  They were aware of it when they visited their friends. AMAN:  Sure. BOURDAIN:  And they were acutely and uncomfortable with it when their friends came over. Man have things changed as far as attitudes, pretty much the engine of the new American cuisine, are kids with childhoods like yours.  I don't mean what's hip, what's the next new thing.  I mean, literally redefining what is American cuisine? Let's put it this way.  The central irony of this story is that, you know, your mom would have been, like hipster hero of New Jersey now. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Still another American invasion in the Pacific. The objective is Okinawa, one of the rings of island fortresses presenting Japan 300 miles way. [21:15:00] BOURDAIN:  On April 1st, 1945, a U.S.  Invasion fleet of nearly 1,500 ships, a landing force of 182,000 people, that's 75,000 more than Normandy, approached Okinawa.  What came next was what Okinawa's called a typhoon of steel. Having island hopped across the pacific, allied forces saw Okinawa as a key base for fleet anchorage, troop staging and air operations for the final push into the Japanese mainland and victory.  The fighting was brutal for both sides.  The cost in lives and resources for the allied forces was tremendous.  And when it was over, military planners looked at the mainland, looked at what Okinawa had cost them, and projected even more appalling losses.  What came next, we all know. What is not widely known is that more people died during the battle of Okinawa than all those killed during the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki. MASAHIDE OTA, FORMER GOVERNOR OF OKINAWA:  From the very beginning mainland Japanese defense preparation was only 60 percent when the US military landed on Okinawa.  So that they had to keep US military forces and their own lives possibly in Okinawa.  So that they could prepare defense to protect mainland Japan, so ever since that battle of Okinawa, Okinawan people say we were sort of -- what do you call it? BOURDAIN:  Sacrifice? OTA:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  Masahide Ota is the former governor of Okinawa.  In 1945, he was a young conscript in the Japanese imperial army.  He fought hard and bravely against the allies until he saw Japanese soldiers murdering Okinawans for food and water and his faith melted away. Getowan is a private home turned restaurant serving very traditional Okinawan dishes.  In on honor of their outspoken former governor, the restaurant prepared a dish typically served to royals and VIPs and what was ones the Ryukyu Kingdom.  It's called Tundabun after the dish the multi bite-sized portions are presented in. OTA:  Let's eat. BOURDAIN:  That's very good.  There's some squid.  Swordfish wrapped in seaweed and simmered in stock and fermented sake.  Dried sea snake wrapped in Kombu and slow simmered.  Burdock root wrapped in corn slow cooked in hot sauce stuck.  Okinawan taro flash fried and dressed with sugar and soy.  And pork shoulder dredged in black sesame then steamed. You have described that you were shocked and surprised to see the Japanese soldiers, the -- their treatment of Okinawans was not good during the battle. OTA:  After the United States forces landed Okinawa, General Headquarters of the Okinawa defense force is issued the order regardless military people or the civilians you cannot use other than standard language.  And if you use the Okinawan language, you will be killed as a spy, you know? BOURDAIN:  Right. OTA:  But the Okinawan people cannot understand the standard language, you know?  So the Japanese soldiers are killed lots of local people, you know? BOURDAIN:  Particularly given the experience of the war, how Japanese do you think most people feel good here? OTA:  There's a fundamental difference between Japanese culture and Okinawan culture.  Japanese culture is warian (ph) culture.  But Okinawan culture is absence of militarism.  Okinawan people I think (inaudible) people. BOURDAIN:  Do you think that easygoing, that reputation -- that tradition of being happy-go-lucky?  Do you think that this has led to Okinawans being taken advantage of?  I mean, for instance, the U.S. Military bases.  Okinawa is one percent of the landmass of Japan. [21:20:00] And yet, what percentages of the military bases are here on Okinawa, almost all of them?  Okinawa seems to be asked to make a lot of sacrifices for the mainland.  Will that ever stop? OTA:  You are talking about (inaudible). BOURDAIN:  Not in my backyard. OTA:  Yes, yes. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  For a place with his bloody history, Okinawa is today noticeably more laid back than the mainland, but that does not mean everybody's forgotten their warrior traditions. When the Feudal Satsuma Empire from the mainland invaded Okinawa in 1609, they banned the carrying, manufacturer, or use of weapons of any kind.  The ban was later reinforced in 1879 when Japan formally annexed the island. It is believed these prohibitions led directly to the development of a new style of martial art, undisputedly born in Okinawa, karate, or empty hands technique. And it's even more vicious cousin, kobudo, a form that uses farm and fishing tools for lethal effect. [21:25:04] Hard and soft, balance for everything soft, there must be something hard. Goju-ryu is one of the main traditional styles of karate featuring a combination of hard and soft techniques.  "Go" means hard linear attacks.  Closed hand strikes and kicks.  "Ju", means soft, open hand, circular, blocking, sweeping, and takedown moves.   Sensei Tetsuhiro Hokama is legendary master of goju-ryu.  People come from all over the world to study in his goju and the training they get is hardcore. I've been invited to watch Hokama Sensei's students warm up.  Let me repeat, this is only the warm up.   That that does not they look like fun. The exercises are designed to repeatedly punish your hands and feet, building up stronger, larger, more protective deposits around the bones, basically weaponizing even your weakest and smallest extremities, and it hurts even to watch. JAMES PANKOVICH, BLACK BELTER IN RYU KARATE:  This is bad. BOURDAIN:  James Pankovich, Brit and black belt in showing ryu karate moved to Okinawa in 2009 to study the budo or the way of martial arts. He acts as translator for most of the karate sensei on the island. Earlier I met James at Hokama Sensei Makishi Public Market in Okinawa's largest city, Naha. PANKOVICH:  That's the tasty one.  Right, we're going to take that one. BOURDAIN:  What are these?   PANKOVICH:  (inaudible) so these are puffer fish. UNIDENTIFED FEMALE:  (Speaking in Foreign Language) PANKOVICH:  (Speaking in Foreign Language) So we got some deep fried fish for us. BOURDAIN:  Gurukun, unofficial national fish of Okinawa, and porcupine fish, both battered and deep fried.   PANKOVICH:  They're going to do sashimi.   BOURDAIN:  Okinawans eat just about any kind fish sashimi style for us flapper and parrot fish and it loves that because what must serve raw and still twitching in the shell.   PANKOVICH:  We're going to get some sea grapes as well. BOURDAIN:  Oh good, good, that's super traditional. Sea grapes, the classic regional side dish dressed in rice vinegar. What you buy downstairs from vendors, for a small fee restaurant will cook it for you upstairs. Wow. SENSEI TETSUHIRO HOKAMA, LEGENDARY MASTER OF GOJU RYU:  Oh my God, happy. BOURDAIN:  Wow.  So go ahead.  So Okinawa's most famous sport, perhaps, is karate.   PANKOVICH:  When most of us think of karate, we think of striking, exclusively. BOURDAIN:  Is that an accurate representation of what you're doing? PANVOKICH:  From the basis of Okinawan karate that it was used primarily as defensive art.  In other words, being able to, you know, control and subdue the opponent.  Usually if you could in a humane way, but then if you had to finish them, then you had the ability to finish them. The striking is important, but a lot of the technique is not about striking.  It's about submission techniques.  Some of that is to do with kyusho so attacking nerve points.  And Hokama Sensei in particular is extremely skilled at dealing with, you know, bigger, stronger opponents. HOKAMA:  Human engineering, very important.  Point, point, point, point, point, point, point, point, point, and then this point of (inaudible) fingers no - not working open. BOURDAIN:  The demonstration of Hokama Sensei's Open-hand Kyusho Technique becomes a little too real for my taste.  Human engineering with a terrifying logic when attacks the weak point.   All I know how to do in this situation, by the way, is poke hard and look for something to choke or lock.  Nope, apparently they don't know what tapping out means here because I was tapping like western god damn union.  I thought he was going to push that 71-year-old finger right into my brainpan. [21:30:00] PANKOVICH:  People were saying in the old days if there was a fight happening somewhere in town, people would go and have a look and they'd say, "Are they fighting with fists or open hands?"  If they're fighting with fists, they'd say "I don't bother, it's an amateur fight."  If they were fighting with open then they knew there were masters. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  On the Eastern Coast of Okinawa gangs under the village of Kin. BOURDAIN:  The U.S. military came ashore in 1945 and to Okinawans, it must seem like they never left. Today, there are roughly 30,000 troops stationed on the island.  Put that many Americans in a place, especially young, mostly male Americans, many of them homesick and it tends to change the environment. Kin town just outside of Naha right by Camp Hansen, one of the larger bases.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  The Yanks have look inch by inch to conquer this island. BOURDAIN:  Kin is a small slice of Americana both the mainstream America and it's dark underbellies. [21:35:00] The Okinawans have made the kind of adjustments that people do neighbors like thousand of marines and sometime in the '80s adjusted food as we knew it to this, a mutant classic, taco rice. VIVIAnt:  Taco and rice.  That's taco rice. BOURDAIN:  Wow. VIVIAN TAKUSHI:  Wow, it's big. BOURDAIN:  Is this chili sauce or it was ketchup? TAKUSHI:  It the original taco... BOURDAIN:  It's taco sauce. TAKUSHI:  ... taco rice sauce.  It's a bit spicy but not super sweet. BOURDAIN:  Oh, good. TAKUSHI:  ... but not, not super spicy. BOURDAIN:  Vivian Takushi has lived in both the U.S. and Okinawa and her aunt Suni Koh, an entertainer who began singing in American bases after the war. Wow, that's good. There are dueling claims as to how taco rice might have morphed into existence, but Saluri Shima Bakudo (ph).  In 1980s American servicemen introduced the standard taco to Okinawans and her grandfather Natsugiyo Gibo decided to tweak them, jumping the fillings straight on to rice for the late night crowd of marines coming back from the bars.  This unholy, greasy, starchy, probably really unhealthy delight of goose map turned-classic caught on big-time to both Americans missing home and locals.   So I consider myself a pretty pro-military guy, but why are the marines here?  Look, I like marines, but, you know, I'm not Robert McNamara but it seems to me if you go to war we're trying to ascending in the marines is probably not what you're going to be doing.  People of your generation, what do you think the attitude is towards the military bases?   TAKUSHI:  As long as we're not living near the base... BOURDAIN:  Right.  TAKUSHI:  -- it doesn't affect us that much.  BOURDAIN:  Right. Near the base... TAKUSHI:  Near the base. BOURDAIN:  ... it makes the difference.  I mean look it  TAKUSHI:  Right.   BOURDAIN:  Probably but if you know right away, I mean, its tattoo parlors, strip clubs, a (inaudible) shops, I mean, you know.   TAKUSHI:  And also it's very loud.  That's the big issue in that.   BOURDAIN:  Tourism is probably the future of Okinawa.  You have sunny beautiful weather, beaches.  If the bases leave, it's going to be big hotels and resorts and golf courses.  Which is worse, Chinese tourists or American marines? TAKUSI:  I'll stick with the marines. BOURDAIN:  Simplified. Not everybody here agrees with Vivian.  By a long shot, Okinawans maybe easy going and laid back but the island is also a relative hot bed of political activism largely inspired to provoke by what Okinawans see as high-handed treatment from a central government with different cultural and historical traditions who don't consider their needs or priorities. And they are hugely disproportionate shouldering of the U.S. military presence for the entire country.  Currently, there are close to 30 military installations on Okinawa, and even though it's one of the smallest Japanese prefectures in terms of livable area, they accommodate more than half of the foreign military presence.   Even more problematic, much of Okinawa's arable land suitable for farming on an island whose whole traditional identity was built around farming is eaten up by military bases. The military base issue, is this more important for older people or the younger people? KENJI YODA (ph), OKINAWAN FARMER:  It's for older people. BOURDAIN:  It's for the older people. YODA:  Yes.  So when you actually go to a place where they have, like, a protest going on, I will say over 80 percent of the people are all retired persons. BOURDAIN:  Why do you think this is? YODA:  This is only my opinion, but Japanese Imperial Army did a lot of brutal stuff on this island and war never ended for some people. And the feelings that they got suppressed, all of a sudden after they retired, they kind of burst and they wanted to kind of... BOURDAIN:  Act out. YODA:  ... act or out. BOURDAIN:  This is Kenji Yoda.  He's an Okinawan farmer and this Nishimachi (ph), a small noodle shop that bears only the owner's name and serves only Okinawan-style soba. Pork belly or ribs is the meat, the broth a mix of fish, chicken, pork, and vegetable stocks. Okinawan soba differs greatly from what we know from the mainland. They use wheat noodles instead of buckwheat not perhaps to the spaghetti eating marines they lived with all these years. [21:40:00] Garnishes are spring onion, fish cake and slices of omelet. Add you pickle ginger and togorashi hot sauce and hooray. It seems the anti-base sentiment also coincide with that anti-central government sentiment.  You do bear with the hugely disproportionate burden of bases or isn't some activism called for here?   YODA:  I think the young generation should decide what to do with our future instead of the old people just fighting for their beliefs.  To me I really feel a strong need to forgive.  And then forget.  And then move on. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  Long before the war, the Americans arrived.  Long before the Satsuma invaded from the mainland, Okinawa was a kingdom, the Ryukyu Kingdom. A prosperous and peaceful island chain with no standing army.  They were farmers, traders, and necessarily diplomats whose eyes more often than not looked west to China rather than to the more isolated mainland. While Japan as it existed then was isolationist, racially and ethnically, culturally and every other way, the Ryukyu Kingdom was not. [21:45:05] They were more open, more multi-cultural, more used to and predisposed to dealing with the outside world and its influences. Today, just a short ferry ride from the main island they sense, a feeling of that long-gone empire remains.  Kumejima is a small island that has been largely untouched by the changes in the world.  People farm and fish as they always did. And the war never came here? PANKOVICH:  No. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  (Speaking Foreign Language) BOURDAIN:  This is Bonshura Nagama (ph)and Yulhena Tomohiro (ph) Kumejima residents and friends of James. PANKOVICH:  You know, they've been -- they suffered very little damage in the war.   BOURDAIN:  And no military bases.  No American bases? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  (Speaking Foreign Language) PANKOVICH:  Well, up until '72, there was an American base. BOURDAIN:  There was. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  (Speaking Foreign Language) PANKOVICH:  But then in '72 on the migration, the base was taken away. BOURDAIN:  Now nothing. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  (Speaking Foreign Language) PANKOVICH:  Only the Japanese self-defense forces now. BOURDAIN:  What do people do here?  Agriculture, growing sugarcane? PANKOVICH:  Tourism. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  (Speaking Foreign Language) PANKOVICH:  Fishing. BOURDAIN:  Fishing.  Have there been attempts to develop here and have the locals been able to resist that impulse? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  (Speaking Foreign Language) PANKOVICH:  They're saying in Kumejima they have rich lives.  They have everything they need.  They have produce from the land, from the sea.  They don't need much else. BOURDAIN:  I've been invited to a beach barbecue, Kumejima style.  Go big, or go home.  To eat some fresh caught tuna that comes straight from the market to be butchered into sashimi.   Also caught this morning, some sea snails for the grill, and mozuku, seaweed which can be cooked but today is enjoyed raw and local prawns eaten either raw or grilled, or both.   Well, that looks awesome.  Off with the head? UNIDENTIFED MALE:  (Speaking Foreign Language) BOURDAIN:  There's more.  Local beef grilled and then tossed with moyashi, seasoned bean sprouts.  We will need our energy, it appears.   Tagumi is as old school of martial art as it gets.  No ring, no octagon.  The rules are simple.  Known as Okinawan sumo.  It looks easy.  It's not.  Your hands are wrapped in your opponent's belt. Object is to get him onto his back, both shoulders before he does it to you. Nice. You land on your back for even a second, you lose. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  There, he got him that. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Awesome. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Would you like to try? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Try it. BOURDAIN:  Yeah, sure. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  (Speaking Foreign Language) BOURDAIN:  In the end, it's a less than smoothly executed judo move because Sarugaki (ph) I believe that brings my opponent to the ground. Thank you for going easy on me.  Awesome.  Awesome. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [21:53:18] BOURDAIN:  So I've given up many vices in my life.  Many shameful, filthy, guilty pleasures that I used to like that I will that I just don't do anymore, cocaine, heroin, prostitutes, the musical styling of Steven Tyler. I put aside these childish things, as it were.  In favor of a newer, more mature me but there is one shameful secret.  One thing I just can't give up.  One thing I keep coming back to every time I come back to Japan. One thing that still has an unholy grip on me for no reason that I can gather it's the convenience store formerly of Mere Akron, Ohio, that mutated into a massive Japanese chain behold the wonder that is Lawson.  What is it exactly about this place?  It's got its tentacles so deep into my heart and myself. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Konnichiwa. BOURDAIN:  Where are you?  I know you're around here somewhere. Pillows of love, egg salad from Lawson need a beverage. [21:55:15] In Naha, you would be advised to avoid International Avenue unless you are homesick for fellow Americans. Head down the side streets, shuttered storefronts give way to packed Izakayas.  A few beers when somebody breakout a shamisen and the good times begin.   People go out here.  And after pounding your fists and feeding on a hard meat hooks and shitting out bone chips, you can drop by "Dojo Bar".   James's refuge where some of the island's most esteemed masters and their students come for what's recognized internationally as a cure for all martial-arts related ailments, alcohol. PANKOVICH:  Would you like a drink? BOURDAIN:  I think I would like a beer and maybe a shot of something. PANKOVICH:  Well, I do have a little shot of something.  BOURDAIN:  What do you think snake? PANKOVICH:  There have is here sake is like the spirit of Okinawa. BOURDAIN:  Is this sake or whiskey? PANKOVICH:  This is sake.  This Okinawa sake with awamori so like a mainland Japanese sake but then they distill it like whiskey so it becomes stronger, little sweet now and now it's aged.  It's been in here with the snake maybe three years so all of the essence of the snake has gone into the alcohol. UNIDENTIFED MALE:  (Speaking Foreign Language) BOURDAIN:  There seems to be a conflict of interest here.  You train the karate very seriously. PANKOVICH:  Yeah. BOURDAIN:  I mean should you people be drinking?  This is why I'm asking.  Where is the point of diminishing returns?   PANKOVICH:  Many teachers who don't drink, but Awamori is intrinsic to the Okinawan culture.   BOURDAIN:  Right.   PANKOVICH:  Most enjoy Awamori as part of their lifestyle, in the same with the karate is part of our lifestyle. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  (Speaking Foreign Language) PANKOVICH:  They're saying, please eat.  Less talking, more eating. BOURDAIN:  Sashimi of, well, let's just say it's an animal you like. PANKOVICH:  This is horse meat. BOURDAIN:  Horse, wow, all right. PANKOVICH:  (Speaking Foreign Language) BOURDAIN:  Good, and this? PANKOVICH:  Goat. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  (Speaking Foreign Language) BOURDAIN:  Oh, that's good. Pure protein for people, who need it and pork belly, some pickled pigs ears, and baked yam. I watch a lot of mixed martial arts.  I watch a lot of jujitsu.  My daughter trains mostly jujitsu, but some standup.  Some of the most exciting fighters that I've seen lately who really show the most heart are women.  Is there a future for women in karate?   PANKOVICH:  (Speaking in Foreign Language)   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yaya (ph), (Speaking Foreign Language) PANKOVICH:  He has a female student here tonight. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  (Speaking Foreign Language).   PANKOVICH:  This is Yaya. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  (Speaking Foreign Language).   PANKOVICH:  Tony is asking what's the future for women in traditional karate. YAYA, KARATE FEMALE STUDENT:  When I first started karate, I didn't know this far and now I'm learning karate, as the performance and also in life. Everything is all about love.  And karate is showing you if you have this kind of power and the ability to perfect yourself, your family, you can be really kind.  That's about Okinawa.  Okinawa people, I think, always have this love to everybody. ANTHONY BOURDAIN, HOST:  I'm pretty sure god is against this.  Oh, yeah.  Definitely.      I was the bad one.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.        BOURDAIN:  After a few drinks I notice that I don't understand anyone.  They could be making various threats of violence to me at the bar.  And I could just be smiling nodding.      I'm just going to slump to the ground and go to sleep.  Would that be okay?      Little social experiment here.      Dick jokes coming.  Stand by for dick jokes.      I do like a good sausage.      Nine years as a vegetarian?  That's unthinkable to me.      That doesn't sound anywhere close to endless suffering.       UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Well, that's my personal story.       BOURDAIN:  I was thinking more along the lines of like electric nipple clamps and then I drive over them and not killing, by the way, they slowly  bled to death from femoral artery wounds.      Oh, okay.      This is Anthony Bourdain.  CNN.  Good night and eat more Spam.      (MUSIC)        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  All right, Tony, we're going to begin off with some viewer questions.       BOURDAIN:  Let me ask you, though, first, does Wolf Blitzer have to do clip shows?  I'm sure Sanjay Gupta doesn't do clip shows.       UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Okay.  Let me just read these.     Have you ever felt in danger while on location?  If so, where?      BOURDAIN:  Have I ever felt in danger on location?  I feel in danger now.  Can I just -- why don't I just take the cards and I'll read through them.      They're in the original handwriting, too.  That's useful.      Oh, god.  I hate that question.  This one, obviously disturbed. Contact homeland security over this one.      Ah, so you're the one guy on TV that we look at and say, hey, I love to have a beer with that guy, although now you seem to be spending a good deal of time at the gym working out which is good for you, I guess, but all this  getting in shape seems to have gotten in the way of your ability to party.  Come on, man. Thanks, brad."      Well listen, Brad, I know it would be much more fun, entertaining and satisfying for you for me to die at age 61 with a cigarette in my mouth, my gut billowing out over my boxers.  I'm a father of a little girl.  I became a father late in life.  I feel that one of the responsibilities of parenthood is at least making a good faith effort to be alive long enough to reach the all-important eye rolling phase of a little girl's life.      I have to admit there is a little part of me that's a little offended or, you know, "you're not keeping it real, man, you were much to fine when you were drinking too much."  You know, what can I tell you?        What is this?      UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  You know, I'm not sure it's put been put in front of us.       BOURDAIN:  we should probably drink to figure it out.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Let's do it.  Why not.      BOURDAIN:  Vodka.       UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Vodka.      Now that?  Now we're talking.      UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  What do we toast to this time?      BOURDAIN:  To a triumphant return to Korea.      UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  He's a professional.      BOURDAIN:  This being Korea, beer is a must as is apparently Soju.  I had forgotten that part.      UNIDENTIFIED MALE (through translator):  We need to cheer for our older brother.      BOURDAIN:  Yeah, pour you more alcohol.      UNIDENTIFIED MALE (through translator):  Tony, you are the older brother.      BOURDAIN:  Older brother, yes.      UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  He is no older brother, no.      CROWD (through ranslatorr):  To our older brother.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE (through translator):  This is only the beginning.      UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  You ever played any Korean drinking games?      BOURDAIN:  No.       UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  No?  Well, they have a lot of them.      Tony, we're going to let you start the festivities.  Just got to use a chopstick.  Hit everything forward.  It's going to splash up.       BOURDAIN:  What?  A strike or a push?      UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  A push.      This game is called the bottlecap game.  We're going to pass this around in a circle.  We're going to flick it as hard as you can.       BOURDAIN:  Right.       UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Right?      That's all right.      UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Ahh.      CROWD:  Hey!      UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  No one wins or loses.  We all get drunk.      BOURDAIN:  that is grotesque.      UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  This is chopstick game.      BOURDAIN:  Don't play this game with engineers.      UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  We got to go somewhere else.       BOURDAIN:  Yeah, we're going.      Let's hit the street guys.      All roads led here.  No escape. Only embrace.       UNIDENITIFIED MALE (through translator):  Don't worry about me.  I can go all night.      BOURDAIN:  Seemed like a good idea.  Back at the office.      (SINGING)      BOURDAIN:  Next I'll be performing a medley from "Mama Mia."      UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Tony!      UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  We got to go somewhere else.  We got to go somewhere else.  We're not finished here.      UNIDENTIFIED MALE (through translator):  We are models.  Only models.      BOURDAIN:  Hey!      UNIDENTIFIED MALE (through translator):  What is this. Korean people all drunk?      This is not right.      BOURDAIN:  I feel like a boy band.      UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  We should walk straight and enunciate.      And talk slowly.      UNIDENTIFIED MALE (through translator:  Why do you hate me?      BOURDAIN:  Johnny Cash.       UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Johnny Cash?      BOURDAIN:  Merriam from Colorado Springs.  Great work.  Love the series.  Yours is the only show our family watches as a group.      Really?  You let your children watch this filth?  Unbelievable.      "Do you still get excited about all the travel?  Do you still learn stuff?"      Yes, I still get excited about all the travel and I learn stuff every day.      You know, I like to say that the show has an educational component or inspirational component or that I'm an advocate for something.  I'm not really.  It's ultimately it's -- I'm a selfish person.  I'm having fun.  When I stop having fun, I won't do it anymore.      UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  The thing about knife defense is there's no magic bullet, any technique can fail, any technique can go wrong. Yeah, that's the other thing, yeah.     BOURDAIN:  Right.       UNIDENTENTIFIED MALE:  So if we've got a knife held up close, okay, yeah.  So, I'm going to clock, pull, hit.  Now I'm force this thing back into your sternum repeatedly.  What we call the woodpecker.      BOURDAIN:  Right.      UNIDENITIFIED MALE:  Two hands-on.  Hit first.  Brute, back and forth, charge.  That's it.  Charge.      So at ATM mugging.  Okay.  I'm going to pin your hand to me so I own the weapon and I'm going slap backwards into the groin.  So, I'm going hit, come up, grab.  Now I'm going to introduce point "A" with point "B."      BOURDAIN:  Yeah, that sucks.       UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Now, when I do that a few times, it's like like taking a baked potato out of the microwave.  It's going to be very hot.  You're going to let go.  So bang, bang, bang, bang, bang.      Again, it's a little bit more close in and surreptitious and everybody doesn't see it.  Yeah.  So, we clear the weapon.  You shift, knee him in the balls.  Straight under.  Wham.  Return to sender.      UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Are you thinking about the audience when you're making this stuff or is it purely self-centered?      BOURDAIN:  You know, people are saying, well, we'd like more shows about this or we really liked it when you -- I wish I could say that that guides  my decision-making but it really doesn't.  I mean, if you start thinking about what the audience wants, that's the road to madness, and trying to be everything to everybody and shooting for an average or, like, a -- you start talking about yourself in the third person if you start thinking about what people want.      UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  And action.      BOURDAIN: And so our time in Scotland investigating the rugged beauty of the Highlands comes to an end.  Land of enchantment, land of contrast.  I think we've learned something today.      All right, cut.       All right, let's load the boat.  Let's get the hell out of here and get rid of that thing.  Jesus.      The hacksaw.  Get the hacksaw.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Hey, guys, it's really starting to stink a little bit, so I think we got to...      BOURDAIN:  I told them.  I said steel-cut oatmeal.  Steel cut. How (EXPLETIVE DELETED )hard is that to remember?        Is that thing on?      (COMMERCIAL BREAK)      BOURDAIN:  Everybody who works on this show likes movies.  All of us love films.  It's a prerequisite to work on the show.  If you're not excited about films, if you're not a film wonk, I don't know that I can even talk to  you.      So, it has been, you know, it's been really exciting to be able to work with people like Vilmos Zsigmond, one of the great cinematographers in the history  of film.  But it's also great to look at a place through somebody else's eyes and it is a particular privilege when you're able to look at a place through someone's eyes like a Vilmos Zsigmond who has a famously individual point of view, an incredible story, their own sensibility.      VILMOS ZSIGMOND, CINEMATOGRAPHER:  I've been in film since I remember I was living basically.  The right moment you have to capture.  And that's the difficult part, the exact moment for the story.        For Hungarians, there is this need to excel.  My father said, "son, whatever you do, you have to be the best at first, not second, you have to be  first.  Otherwise it's not worth it."       BOURDAIN:  You know these images.  You grew up with them. They're iconic sequences, framed and lit and seen through the lens in ways that changed film making forever, all made by the same man. Vilmos Zsigmond, legendary cinematographer.  If for some reason you don't know the name you sure as hell know his work.      The Oscar winning Close Encounters.  The Deer Hunter.  His absolutely revolutionary work on McCabe and Mrs. Miller.  The Long Good-Bye.  Deliverance.      He created a whole new palette, took crazy risks, changed film language in ways people still try to imitate.  And he's making our camera crew very nervous, I can tell you.      So fun.  You taught yourself to shoot.       ZSIGMOND:  Basically, I always tried to use my father's little Kodak camera.       My luck was, actually, that I became sick with some kidney disease.  I was in bed for a month.  And an uncle of mine gave me a book about Eugene Lubovich, who was a great photographer.  I bought a camera for myself and started to take amateur pictures.      BOURDAIN:  When you first moved here to go to film school, what was your average day like other than your studies?     ZSIGMOND:  We were very, very poor.  Very little money.  It was  good enough to have breakfast and lunch, or breakfast and dinner.  I had to skip lunch if I wanted to buy socks -- a pair of socks.      But, it was for me, the happiest part of my life under Communism, because I was learning cinematography.  So I fell in love, immediately.      BOURDAIN:  In fact, some of Vilmos' most powerful and world changing footage occurred around this time before leaving Hungary as a film student during the outbreak of revolution.      ZSIGMOND:  I didn't even think about, about death.  But shooting actually those Russian tanks, you know, going through there.  They can shoot me.        Anybody who had a camera was shot immediately by a Russian soldier.      At that time, I didn't think about that.  But I felt I had to photograph them.      BOURDAIN:  You were alive and holding a camera at a very important time in history.  You had to think you were doing something important.      ZSIGMOND:  It's very easy to make beautiful pictures.  But pictures wjhich mean something with what's in it, that's a totally different story.       BOURDAIN:  What you wanted to shoot and what you were unable to shoot, or decided is less important to shoot, it's a reminder that storytelling is a manipulative process.  You know, we don't look to deceive, but I want you to feel a certain way when you watch my show.        The Madagascar show is an example of if I were to lose that control briefly and hand it over to somebody else, in this case Darren Aronofsky, it ain't always pretty.  Capturing images around the world can have unintended consequences.  It can be a destructive process, whatever your intentions and however pure your heart.  I wanted to show that.      The camera is alive.  It shows everything.  It shows nothing.  It reveals only what we want.  Often what we see is seen only from a window, moving past then gone.  One window, my window.        If you'd been here, chances are you would have seen things differently.      This is it.  This is the food stop.  I am starving.      DARREN ARONOFSKY, DIRECTOR:  I am so with you.      Look at this kid's wearing a banana like a yamaka.      Little did I know there would be a feeding frenzy.  There's no  papaya salad, everything's gone, dude.  Here are some bananas.       BOURDAIN:  Yeah, two of those.       ARONOFSKY:  Two of those.  Merci.       BOURDAIN:  We get what we can.      Man, it's quite a scene.       ARONOFSKY:  It's pretty insane.       BOURDAIN:  It's hard to complain about the lack of food options if you look around.       AORONOFSKY:  Lots of kids.      You want that?      Yeah, it's hard.      BOURDAIN:  You live it now.  Looking back, if you were editing this show, how would you tell this story?      This is it.  This is the food stop.  I am starving.      ARONOFSKY:  I am so with you.      BOURDAIN:  Man, it's quite a scene.       ARONOFSKY:  Lots of kids.      BOURDAIN:  Want that?      This is really puffy.       ARONOFSKY:  You always want a simple answer to everything to make it all make sense, and it seems to, I don't know, it's just constantly surprising.      (COMMERCIAL BREAK)      UNIDENITIFIED MALE:  After all these years of traveling, when you look back, what resonates?      BOURDAIN:  I see a lot of poverty, I see a lot of cruelty.  I have reason to feel angry, or frustrated, or heartbroken frequently. It angers me to see a place like, you know, Detroit, a great American city that's failed, or has been allowed to fail.  To see New Orleans post-Katrina makes me angry.  To see Camden, New Jersey, in my own state that I grew up in, it makes me angry.      Yes, there's a lot of scary, ugly stuff in it, but there is much more, I still think, beauty and kindness and humor and people doing the best they can in often very, very difficult situations.     It is a magnificent planet filled with fascinating and more often  than not beautiful people.        There are few American cities, places where things have gone as disastrously wrong as Camden, New Jersey.      Once a manufacturing powerhouse, home to the New York Shipbuilding Corporation, the Campbell's Soup Company and RCA Victor Records.      About 80,000 people live here today, that's the same number of people who were employed during its heyday.  More than 1/3 of city residents live below the poverty line.  If there's any place one can be forgiven for just throwing your hands up in the air and giving up, it's here.      But no.  Cities with serious problems need extraordinary people. And Towanda Jones is clearly an extraordinary person.       TOWANDA JONES, CAMDEN:  When you give to someone who is really in need, it makes me feel complete.       BOURDAIN:  Her late grandfather, Walter Green Jr., believed in being part of the community.  When Towanda was 15, she was asked to lead a local drill team.  Unfortunately, it soon lost its funding. Walter purchased 80 uniforms and 3 drums to give them a start.      Today, the Camden Sophisticated Sisters Drill Team, which includes the Brothers in Taps, the almighty percussion sound, have over 320 participants.      JONES:  Good job, baby.  Good job.  Clap it up for yourself. Clap it up.      BOURDAIN:  What was Camden like back in the good old days?      JONES:  Oh my god, it was so different coming up when I was younger.  I didn't have to worry about, you know, my life being threatened coming outside.      BOURDAIN:  The conventional wisdom seemed to be it's time to get out of Camden.  Why are you still here?      JONES:  Because the need is in Camden.  It's every decent person in Camden leaves Camden, then we never have a chance.      In order to be part of the program they have to maintain a "C" average or better.      BOURDAIN:  Right.      JONES:  It's about the academics, it's all about nurturing these kids.      What's right, what's wrong?  You know, the drill team does that. They have different sayings that they go with every day, it's a start without a finish, it is possible.        And they believe this.  They say it so much until it's embedded.       BOURDAIN:  A lot of your practice is done outdoors.       JONES:  It's been a blessing and a curse, because you'll have the corner boys come up to you and ask you, Ms. Wawa (ph) are you having practice outside today?  And I'll say, yeah.  And they're like, today is not a good day.  And I'm like okay, all right, thank you very much.      BOURDAIN:  That's nice.      JONES:  Right.      BOURDAIN:  How do you keep these kids off the corner?      JONES:  I just try to show them an alternative route saying that there's so much more out there than this.      Some of them call me Major Pain, but it's out of love.  You know, they need that structure and discipline in life, period.  To go to work, to go to school.       BOURDAIN:  You had to have seen kids that you really believe in fall by the wayside.  How do you go on?      JONES:  We do have a lot of sad stories, but we have more good. Our good outweighs the bad, you know.  And I keep going just for that reason.  Before I was a lit hard on myself and I used to actually think that I could save all the kids.  I know that's not the case.  I just do the best that I can do, and I just pray that the next kid doesn't, you know, fall by the wayside.      BOURDAIN:  There is a real danger of becoming cynical.  You shut yourself off from certain emotions that other normal people probably still feel.  I've become harder in some ways, but some things always penetrate. There's things you can't push away or push out or shut your eyes to. I think especially when you're, you know, when you're a parent, you know, it's the kids will get you every time.      Afternoon in Beirut and the Hafes (sp) family prepares dinner.      UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  All this food, you see, my son, he's crying because he wants to go to Burger King. He wants some chicken burger from Burger  King.       BOURDAIN:  Thank you so much for having me into your home.       UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Please, help yourself.       BOURDAIN:  Thank you.      I was in Beirut in 2006. This neighborhood was hit very hard. Were you here at that time?     UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yeah.       BOURDAIN:  Why this neighborhood?      UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Because the people in this area, 99%, they support Hezbollah.       BOURDAIN:  Hezbollah means the party of God. They're a Shia military political organization lavishly supported by Iran. The party is more powerful, more effective on the ground, than the Lebanese army.      The United States officially designates them a terrorist organization. They are dangerous, they are well funded. And whatever else they may be, they are not stupid.      UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  In 2006, I have two sisters, they lost their home.  Hezbollah take care of them.  Here in Dahi (ph) everybody support Hezbollah, even the people who are not religious, for one reason, because they feel protected by them.       BOURDAIN:  My host's support for Hezbollah, typical of this Dahia (ph) neighborhood in South Beirut, is staunch.       UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Before Hezbollah, Lebanese people, they were always scared of Israel.  Now we say, Israel, we say, ha ha, we don't care.       BOURDAIN:  In the early days, Hezbollah used tactics that just about anyone would call terrorism.  When is it permissible, morally, to use a car bomb or use a  civilian target?      UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  For me?      BOURDAIN:  For you.      UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I'm against killing, against killing anybody, even Israel.        This person who I'm going to kill and car bomb or whatever, doesn't he has family?       BOURDAIN:  What's the most important thing happening in the world today that needs to be resolved for things to be better?      UNIDENITIFIED MALE:  ISIS.      BOURDAIN:  ISIS is number one?      UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Number one.      They killed hundreds and thousands of Shia.  They are devils. They are against everything, like everything on the Earth, they are against.       BOURDAIN:  Recently, Hezbollah has become heavily involved in the war in Syria in defense of the Assad regime.  Complicating matters and  uncomfortably enough, they are probably the best organized, best equipped, most serious obstacle to ISIS and al Qaeda in the area.      UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Most of the villages in the east of Lebanon, they are Christian and they are Sunni.       BOURDAIN:  Right.       UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  If Hezbollah wasn't there, it was no more Christian in that area.  This is the only reason I -- this is the only reason for, just to protect my children and my wife.      BOURDAIN:  20 years, 30 years.       UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yeah.      BOURDAIN:  Will things be better?      UNIDENITIFIED MALE:  Hope so, not 20 years and 30 -- now, next year, things goes better.  I hate war.      (COMMERCIAL BREAK)      BOURDAIN:  Oh, geez. "Hi, Anthony, you eat such adventurous food on Parts Unknown.  It seems like there is nothing you don't eat.  Does the crew get to eat the same things you eat?"      Oh yes, yes, they do.  They share the same food good and bad.  If I'm eating some sort of still semi-living nether region of reptile, you should share that experience with me.  That's my feeling.      Alternately, you know, if we just did a scene of me eating 12 courses at Row Bouchan (ph) in Paris, chances are you're getting a pretty good meal as soon as the scene's over.      One of the things that's curious to me, and I found this to be true of camera people and production crew throughout my television career, we could be on our way to shoot a scene in France laundery, or El Bouli (ph), but if it's like 1:00 in the afternoon, they will stop at 7-Eleven and, you know, gorge on some sort of pita sandwich sitting there calcifying.        They know that the overwhelming likelihood, no, that it's a dead bang sure thing that they're going to be eating as few other people on the planet, but no, they'll load up on hot pockets rather than skip mealtime.        Chef Kim Byri-ong's (ph) early experience working the mess hall during his mandatory military service led directly to super stardom.  Now from this unassuming U.S. army surplus tent, he beams his cooking show live into more than 50,000 homes a day via something called the internet.      Which is how I suppose I wound up in a tent on the outskirts of Seoul.      Behold, the magnificence that is budae-jigae.      UNIDENTIFIED MALE (through translator):  So first, open the Spam can.        BOURDAIN:  Okay.      UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  And these soft rice cakes too.      BOURDAIN:  Oh, these, okay.      UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Okay?      Kimchi.      BOURDAIN:  Yeah.        Dating back to famine years of the Korean War, scrounging and scavenging from American military bases, it's in fact, a classic example of necessity  being the mother of deliciousness.        Hot dogs, canned baked beans, Spam, instant noodles put together with the ever present go to jiang (ph) and kimchi.  It became enduring and deeply loved classic.      UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Baked beans.      BOURDAIN:  Like I used to say to my first girlfriend, how can something so wrong be so right?      Oh, in go the noodles.      UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Okay.      (SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE).      BOURDAIN:  Mmm.  Wow.  Oh, yeah, baby.      Come to me.  Come to me.  Come to me, my love.       UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.      (through translator):  If you like it, then it's a success.      BOURDAIN:  Need a little spam in there.      Good job, chef.  Thank you, chef.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes, yes.  Thank you.       BOURDAIN:  My pleasure.  Any time.      UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Any time.      BOURDAIN:  I know.      Philadelphia is right over there.  The center of the cheesesteak universe.  But what if it isn't?        Behold, the Jersey cheesesteak.        Is there a difference between Jersey style and Philadelphia style?      UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yeah, we do ours on a round, obviously kaiser roll.       BOURDAIN:  Really?  I'll have one of those.  What's the way to go?  I mean, anything I need to know or just?      UNIDENITIFIED MALE:  No.  A regular, cheese and onions.       BOURDAIN:  Beautiful thing.      UNIDENIFIED MALE:  I need one, Pauley.       BOURDAIN:  It's round.  It's got steak, spices, browned onions, real American cheese -- such as it is -- and a poppy seed roll.      Fantastic.  Thank you, sir.      And it is sublime.      Man, this should be a national landmark right away.  This sandwich is unbelievably good.       UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Thanks.       BOURDAIN:  Worth driving across the state in a blizzard for.       UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Well, we get a lot of people from Philly.       BOURDAINN:  No way.  Philly?      UNIDENTENFIED MALE:  Oh yeah, for sure.       BOURDAIN;  Wow, that's treason.  Do they like change the plates on their car and like wear a disguise?      UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It's different.  The poppy seeds help.      BOURDAIN:  It's awesome.      I think we learned something here today.  Jersey cheesesteaks. I'm going to tell you they're better than Philadelphia, yeah, I am, actually.      So there.        Look at this.      Holy.  Really?  Good lord.  Jeebus.  This I need a photo of with a human hand next to it.  That's truly terrifying.      Who eats that?        Behold the massiveness, the fried to order in a pan to only the highest standards schnitzel of justice.      If a big wave came, I could surf this thing back in my hotel.        Oh, that's good.      Deeply textured, pork flavor, with hints of three-day-old fryer grease.      You know, some of you have noticed and complained that I don't really describe food anymore.  It's really a lot like writing porn. After you've used the same adjectives over and over, like, you know, the Penthouse letters.  Is this going to make your life better at all if I describe exactly how while smacking my lips (inaudible)?  No.      It's good.      Do I get a t-shirt if I finish this and my picture on the wall?      (COMMERCIAL BREAK)      UNIDENITIFIED MALE:  This season we accomplished something we've been trying to do for a number of years, to get Iggy on the show.        BOURDAIN:  Yep.       UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  We have reached out several times and he had responded with an email the first time we asked him.  Do you know?      BOURDAIN;  Yes, I was aware of this.       UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Do you know this email?      BOURDAIN:  Yeah.      So, this is an email from 2008.  It was an email from Iggy Pop's people to 0.0 production.  Iggy Pop, a hero of mine since 1969, okay?      So of course I've been reaching out regularly over the years hoping, hoping, hoping that my hero would agree to be on the show.      I got this response.  "Iggy is working on a film outside the U.S. on those dates and he says he has now reached puke point for his own media exposure this year.  He's seen anthony's show and thinks that Anthony is not a dick.  He says thanks for asking."      There's hope, that's what I thought.  I'm not a dick, yes.  Iggy thinks I'm not a dick.      It was pretty much the best thing that anyone had ever said at any time in my life and it only got better.      So you've been here how many years now?      JAMES "IGGY POP" OSTERBERG, MUSICIAN:  15 years.       BOURDAIN:  15 years?      You're a Floridian.       OSTERBERG:  Yeah.       BOURDAIN;  When I was young, this man was a role model, an ideal, a roadmap for bad behavior.  His music, it turned out, was the soundtrack for most of my life.  Still is.      James Osterberg, known still as Iggy Pop.      You grew up in Michigan.  You've lived in New York for a long period of time.       OSTERBERG:  I went from Michigan to London.  I went from London to Hollywood, which was rough.  Hollywood to Berlin, which was great. Back to London.  And then New York from '79 to '99.       BOURDAIN;  Was it a conceivable option at any point earlier to say, you know, I can live in florida?      OSTERBERG:  It wasn't for me.  I was hustling, hustling in a big city.  It just kind of happened by chance.  I had a shady friend who owned a condo here, and thought, well, this is a nice little trashy hang.  You could just pull up to the beach any time you wanted and look out and see the end of complications.      And anybody could do that and it was safe and free.  And I thought, that's a -- this is beautiful.      BOURDAIN:  So we're eating healthy today.      OSTERBERG:  Yeah.      BOURDAIN:  What do you like here?      I wouldn't have thought back then in my dorm room that all those years later I'd be eating healthy with Iggy Pop.      Barbecue shrimp for the godfather of punk.  I get wild and crazy with some roast pork.      A little white wine, our only tilt towards the debauches of previous lives.      I well remember the first Stooges album coming out, the context of the time.  This was, what, '69?      OSTERBERG:  '69.  August.       BOURDAIN:  As far as looking after my health, your music early on was a negative example.       OSTERBERG:  I hear you.       BOURDAIN:  And looking at my own life and career, I'm pretty much known for traveling around the world recklessly drinking and eating to excess.  What does it say about us that we're now sitting in a healthy restaurant?  I just came from the gym.  And we're in florida.         OSTERBERG:  Listen, if you just flamed out, you know, you're in such voluminous and undistinguished company, then all your works will flame out quicker with you.      BOURDAIN:  What's a perfect day in Miami?      OSTERBERG:  It's a clear morning.  Hot.  No moderate or any of that crap.  No.  Hot, hot.  Humid.  The sun comes up in a hazy tropical orange orb.  And you're not working.  You're not on a schedule.  But you have somebody fun to spend the time with.  And then you would go to the beach when the sun isn't right overhead yet because the beach faces east.  The sun sparkles on the water, and the sparkle's very nice.  So positive.      BOURDAIN:  You're a guy who at various points in life has been able to have a lot of things that ordinary people would never have. You've had many, many adventures.       OSTERBERG:  I know.       BOURDAIN:  Given that, what thrills you?      OSTERBERG:  The nicest stuff right now, this is very embarrassing, but it's really -- being loved and actually appreciating the people that are giving that to me.        I don't see any birds at all here today.  it's so quiet.      BOURDAIN:  Is this the reward phase of your life or is it just dumb (EXPLETIVE DELETED) luck?      OSTERBERG:  It has been mostly I think a reward phase for stuff I did up to the age 30.  Stuff you had to do on instinct, not on intelligence.      BOURDAIN:  Yeah, I think you deserve it.  But when I look at my own life, I'm actually -- I'm ambivalent.  I'm still not so sure, you know?      OSTERBERG:  I'm still curious.  You seem like a curious person.       BOURDAIN:  It's my only virtue.       OSTERBERG:  There you go.       BOURDAIN:  Curious is a good thing to be, you know?  That seems to pay some unexpected dividends.     (COMMERCIAL BREAK)      BOURDAIN:  "Who picks the locations you go to?  Are there any places still left on your to-go list?"      Well, I pick the locations we go to.  There are no helpful memos from anyone else saying, hey, viewers think it would be a really great idea for you to go to Disney World or Great Adventure, or have you considered the Minnesota State Fair?      I make a list every year of places I'd like to go then unless it's a really stupid idea, which admittedly does happen, we go there.      "Are there any places still left on your to-go list?"  Yes.      So it's been over 50 years since you, the American public, have been able to enjoy a fine Cuban rum, and this is a very fine one, I can tell you, but it looks like all of that is about to change.      Floodgates have been let loose or will be soon, it sure looks like.  The whole world is changing.  What is that going to mean?  Do we find out?  I don't know.  We make an educated guess.  I don't know how educated, but we do make a guess.      The south is not a monolith.  There are pockets of weirdness, awesomeness, and then there's Charleston where for some time now, important things have been happening with food.      UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  The standard of food here is so high that when I go around anyplace, I just go, eh.      BOURDAIN:  Charleston is a place with almost too many beautiful buildings, almost too many incredibly talented chefs.  And almost too much really, really good food.  It's nice here.  I like it.      So it's been a week of martial arts madness, and between the Okinawan sumo and karate, there's really no part of my body that doesn't hurt.        On the other hand, I've eaten really well and I've learned something.  Okinawa is nothing like the Japan I know at all. Everything is different here.      UNIDENITIED MALE:  Happiness is number one.       BOURDAIN:  Happiness first.       UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.       BOURDAIN;  It's laid back.  It's mellow.  The food is completely different.  People are expressive and open and tell you what they think.      What is the literal translation of that?      UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Once we meet, we are family.      BOURDAIN:  Once we meet, we are family.      Oh, thank you.      Also there's, pork.  Delicious, delicious pork and lots of it.      Okay.  Next question.  "What is Sanjay Gupta really like?"      Well, Ted from Jersey City, all I got to tell you is he's a doctor.  Doctor Sanjay Gupta.  And he likes to party.  Ever since he's starting vaping, he's a lot more fun.  Oh, yeah.  He vapes.      Where's that sandwich? [21:00:53] ANTHONY BOURDAIN, CNN HOST:  I need a French coach. (BEGIN MUSIC CLIP) If you've been to France, chances are you haven't been here.  France's second largest city, the oldest city in France.  It sits right by the Mediterranean.  The food is famously good.  Yet, it's a victim of bad reputation, bad history -- Marseille.  As it turns out, exactly the kind of place I like. But this is a buddy picture, isn't it?  Eric Ripert is the chef of the three-star Le Bernardin in New York.  The Chevalier of France.  I think that means he's some kind of knight or something, and my friend. This causes him some problems.  He, I like to remind him, has a reputation to protect.  I do not. ERIC RIPERT, CHEF, LE BERNARDIN:  Welcome to Marseille. BOURDAIN:  You've never been here? RIPERT:  Never. BOURDAIN:  How is this even possible?  You grew up how far from here? RIPERT:  Like, 15 miles -- 100 miles. BOURDAIN:  You grew up 100 miles from here.  What prevented you from coming to this clearly beautiful city?  Because it's clearly beautiful. RIPERT:  It's a fantastic city.  I mean, it's beautiful.  I agree with you.  But it has the reputation of being a dangerous city. BOURDAIN:  You live in New York. I should point out that every single Frenchmen, when I said, you know, I'm shooting in France, they say, oh really, where?  And I say, Marseille.  Their face drops immediately, like, oh. RIPERT:  Why's that?  Because they think it's ugly? BOURDAIN:  Do you know what they say?  They say this is not France. RIPERT:  With a "Z" like that? BOURDAIN:  This is not France. Well, I'm looking forward to the week. RIPERT:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  This is low-impact show. RIPERT:  What is a low-impact show? BOURDAIN:  It means I'm not, you know, paddling upriver.  It means I get a flush toilet, eating well constantly. RIPERT:  You like luxury. BOURDAIN:  I do.  Look, I do.  I like a fluffy hotel towel.  I like a bidet.  Look, I like warm jets of water squirting up my ass.  I mean, who doesn't? I could retire here. RIPERT:  I could retire here, too. BOURDAIN:  You see, that's sort of the measure of a place for me is, like, if you start thinking thoughts like that.  Like, that must be nice.  I could live here.  Just me and my watercolors, you know? When you retire, are you going to putter? RIPERT:  What's putter? BOURDAIN:  Dicking around.  Basically, you wake up and maybe you paint a little, you know. RIPERT:  I could paint. BOURDAIN:  Well, OK.  Do you how to make a sweater. RIPERT:  I would like to go fishing.  You know, I've never catch anything in my life. BOURDAIN:  Do you actually fish?  Do you know how to fish?  Do you ever fish? RIPERT:  I don't know how to fish. BOURDAIN:  I'll show you how.  All you need is a car battery and a couple of cables.  Trust me, you get all the fish you want. RIPERT:  That's --  BOURDAIN:  They come right up.  There's other ways.  How do you say dynamite in French? RIPERT:  Dynamite. BOURDAIN:  Dynamite.  See, I do speak French. You can tell.  You know it's coming, right?  You can sense it.  Oh, no.  Another fishing scene. This is our vessel here on the right. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN:  Eric from (INAUDIBLE) is one of only a handful of old-style fishermen who work the sea the old-fashioned way. Do you see yourself fishing? [21:05:27] RIPERT:  No, it's stressful to me. BOURDAIN:  Right.  I always think I'm going to catch, like, my testicles or my ear with the hook.  You know, I have a fear of hooks. You, guys, catching dentex. RIPERT:  Yes.  He said it's the best fish of the Mediterranean.  I have no idea what he's talking about. BOURDAIN:  Well, hopefully, we'll see. RIPERT:  Well, hopefully, we'll taste it.  Well, at least, he's supposed to deliver it to Le Petit Nice. BOURDAIN:  That's right. Eric works exclusively for this man, Gerald Passedat, the extremely demanding chef/owner of Le Petit Nice, Marseille's only three Michelin-star restaurant. GERALD PASSEDAT, CHEF/OWNER, LE PETIT NICE:  I'm ready for my fisherman, actually.  It won't be long.  It depends on what the Mediterranean Sea will offer to us. RIPERT:  So it's a long line, Tony. BOURDAIN:  How long is the line? RIPERT:  Well, he say he has about 300 hooks. BOURDAIN:  And so he basically lays it out at night --  RIPERT:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  Comes back and pick it up. RIPERT:  Yes. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) RIPERT:  (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) In Marseilles, only five guys, five fishermen will rock it like him. BOURDAIN:  Wow. RIPERT:  You know he has 300 hooks. BOURDAIN:  This must be the 12th fishing scene.  No, I must have done 20 fishing scenes in my life.  And I think I had one good day out of all of them.  Other than that, it's been one humiliating goat rodeo after another. Ordinarily, our typical fishing scene actually would be, it would be rougher than this.  So we'd be pitching back and forth, and I'd be hanging on to the contents of my stomach only by realizing that they feel even sicker because they have to look through the view finder. So they're like -- so it's basically you're playing this sort of race against time kind of a game.  It's like who's going to puke first. RIPERT:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  But it's always the camera dudes. RIPERT:  Is it? BOURDAIN:  No.  Generally, it's our producer. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) RIPERT:  He said bad days, I had some bad days but this one --  BOURDAIN:  This is the worst. RIPERT:  This is the worst. BOURDAIN:  Well, there it is.  Another extraordinarily successful fishing scene in the can.  Time to reap the rewards waiting us back on dry land. You'll tell me if there's any oiled up amazons behind me. RIPERT:  Behind you? BOURDAIN:  Frolicking naked. RIPERT:  Yes.  Right now they're kind of like mature Amazons.  It will happen. BOURDAIN:  Here's the chef. RIPERT:  Anthony Bourdain. PASSEDAT:  Nice to meet you. BOURDAIN:  Nice to meet you.  An honor, sir. PASSEDAT:  Would you mind to have the bouillabaisse? Is it a good idea?  Or --  (CROSSTALK) BOURDAIN:  No, no, no.  It's a very good idea. Here's reinvented, deconstructed and then usually there's the thing, itself.  Passedat's take on bouillabaisse, without a doubt Marseille's most famous dish is spread out over four courses. First, shellfish carpaccio of raw mussels and clams. They slice the muscles raw.  That's crazy.  Wow. PASSEDAT:  I decided to make this bouillabaisse, (INAUDIBLE), when I was a child.  On those rocks, when I was with my knife opening the mussels, eating the mussels.  In my cuisine there is no cream, no butter, it's not traditional at all.  Just based on the fish.  It's my way of thinking, my cuisine here. BOURDAIN:  Slipper lobster, weaver, angler, and red gurnard lightly seared then a touch in the oven. Oh, whoa.  Oh, this is just incredibly beautiful. PASSEDAT:  It's so delicate, and at the same time flavorful and powerful. BOURDAIN:  Well, this is insanely good.  A broth so intense it requires over ten kilos of rock crabs and various bony tasty little fishes to make just one kilo of brown, gloriously brown, magical liquid. [21:15:35] Dorade and dentelle, steamed over seawater, saffron potatoes, and then finally comes that magical brown broth. RIPERT:  Oh. BOURDAIN:  Wow. RIPERT:  (INAUDIBLE) BOURDAIN:  That's a good one, huh?  Oh, man. PASSEDAT:  This is unbelievable.  The entire fish you're eating. BOURDAIN:  And just when my brain threatens to short circuit with pleasure, descending as if from heaven, itself, cheese. Oh, god, the cheese. I got to tell you.  I don't care how many naked breasts are on that beach right now, because that is much more exciting.  All right.  Look at it.  It's beautiful. RIPERT:  Interesting? BOURDAIN:  Yes.  Oh, look at that. Oh, man.  Oh, I love. Cheese like this.  That is just incredible.  Oh, yes. RIPERT:  That is exceptional. Life is good. PASSEDAT:  Life is good. BOURDAIN:  It is very good in Marseille.  (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [21:15:15] BOURDAIN:  Marseille was once the hub, the rough and tumble principle port for France's colony such as Tunisia, Morocco, and Algeria.  As a result of the sights and smells of Africa permeate the city. There's been attempts to dissuade me from Marseille, you don't want to go there, and yet I come here.  Correct me if I'm wrong, it is a beautiful city.  It smells good.  You smell the different pastries, the Tajin, (INAUDIBLE).  And it's an extraordinary looking city and the people are really interesting looking. CEDRIC FABRE, MARSEILLE CRIME WRITER:  I must say, you are in the center of the world because the world is in Marseille.  We are connected to the Mediterranean Sea.  So it's really different from the north of France.  I feel closer to a guy from Oracle (ph) than a guy from maybe Germany or -- it's different. BOURDAIN:  Cedric Fabre is a Marseille crime writer who spent decades deciphering the dense layers of crime and corruption, pasties and sunshine.  It's a perfect town for writers of Mark, plenty of atmospherics and lurid history. Why do you think it's such a fertile ground to set a crime novel? FABRE:  For me it's more interesting because you write about the place you live in.  I walk in the street; I have an idea, et cetera.  I couldn't write about past things like (INAUDIBLE) because I have no know the real part of the city, the people. BOURDAIN:  Here, it's a really interesting stew of characters. FABRE:  In Marseille, there is a very poor area and a very rich area. The difference between these two areas is the worlds in France so that makes an interesting city because when we write crime novel, we write both the differences between the poor people, the rich people, et cetera, so that's interesting. BOURDAIN:  Le Femina is an Algerian restaurant with some of the better couscous in town.  And since it's a very filling dish and I only got one crack at it, I go for the royale.  What else? Vegetables, chickpeas, Merguez sausage, chicken, chunks of lamb, and meatballs. What people say is that everybody sees themselves as Marseille's first and French second regardless of your background. Is that true? FABRE:  Because Marseille, We love that city.  It's our city.  And at the same time, we hate a lot of aspects.  We have both love and hate. It's part of a complex, I think.  Marseille has always made bad choices in politics.  When France lost these colonies, it was an economic disaster for Marseille. I'm thinking about one of your cities in the states, Detroit.  It was a huge city.  It was very important. BOURDAIN:  And a beautiful --  FABRE:  What happened? BOURDAIN:  We abandoned Detroit.  We abandoned it.  It became too black for America to live. FABRE:  Maybe France is abandoning Marseille. Sometimes people say, in Marseille, people, they are restless.  I would say in Marseille, people, they are connected with other people. BOURDAIN:  Let's hope Marseille people figure that out because I think it's amazing here. If you ask real Marseilles these day, what's the iconic dish?  The one thing you most closely associate with home, the answer might surprise you.  Pizza. Marseille, it turns out, is the pizza truck capital of France. So this could be a whole new beginning for you, Eric. RIPERT:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  I always say you should have a truck. RIPERT:  Yes.  I'll do it with you. BOURDAIN:  Do you have pizza experience? RIPERT:  Never did a pizza in my life. BOURDAIN:  Does he know this? RIPERT:  No, he doesn't know.  I'm going to tell him. BOURDAIN:  Oh. JEAN-DENIS MARTINEZ, OWNER:  OK.  Let's go. BOURDAIN:  Our employer for this episode of the real world geriatric edition is Jean-Denis Martinez.  His yellow truck a rolling pizza oven is well known in the neighborhood meaning he's busy. MARTINEZ:  (INAUDIBLE) BOURDAIN:  We're not going to be good at this.  This is going to be like "I Love Lucy." RIPERT:  More like "Laurel and Hardy." BOURDAIN:  This is like a nightmare.  I actually have this nightmare, where like there's an order coming in.  I don't understand what they are because it's in another language and I don't know where anything is and I'm falling behind.  This is literally my nightmare. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Get ready. BOURDAIN:  OK, get in there. Lucy, come on, put on the sauce.  Come on. RIPERT:  Don't take my job. MARTINEZ:  No, no, no.  (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) RIPERT:  (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE).  You don't push. BOURDAIN:  You don't. MARTINEZ:  You're sloppy, man. [21:20:22] BOURDAIN:  What?  I'm getting there. MARTINEZ:  It has to be even, the sauce. OK.  Mushrooms and cheese.  That's good. BOURDAIN:  Come on, man.  Customers are backing up here.  They want the pizza. MARTINEZ:  My pizza is good, OK? No, no, no, no.  A little bit like that.  A little bit like that. Like that.  Good. ANTHONY BOURDAIN, CNN HOST: Some time ago, something crawled or slithered or grew like a fungus. Something that started small got bigger, lurched like a swamp thing out of the mud and moist earth and humid nights of the Delta.  Then it took over the world. So next time some smartass burner (ph), horrified by our latest hand-fisted foreign policy blunder wonders out loud, what good is America, well, you always pipe up that the blues, rock and roll, R&B;, and soul all came out of this place, one state, Mississippi. I took a walk through this beautiful world, felt the cool rain on my shoulder, found something good in this beautiful world.  I felt the rain getting colder.  Right now, we're in the middle of downtown Jackson, Farish St. It's (ph) people -- a lot of history, what it used to be like back in the day? LEE (ph): The street was packed with folks, folks all over, they had their own restaurants, grocery stores, joints, I mean, everything happened on Farish St. that happened in Jackson for the African- American community. BOURDAIN: The state capital of Jackson, Mississippi, located along Interstate Highway 55, just outside what's known as the Mississippi Delta, it's the kind of place that makes you wonder, why did they make it the capital, until you grab hold of what used to be around here. Farish St. used to be the hub of African-American life in this city, its black commercial cultural center.  When Dr. King came to town, he came here. Everybody did. Medger Evers (ph) had an office just upstairs here. Musicians like Tommy Johnson, Sonny Boy Williamson II and Elmore James all played here and the likes of Duke Ellington, Cab Callaway, Count Basie and Louie Armstrong all took the stage at places like the Crystal Palace Ballroom and the Alamo on Farish St. Street. What happened? Where did it all go? LEE (ph): What killed Farish St. was immigration. Once we were able to branch out of our own indigenous black-run businesses, the black-owned businesses died.  BOURDAIN: Right. LEE (ph): So great for the black race but terrible for the black  business. In fact, the only reason you're coming to Farish St. right now is you have two churches, two funeral homes and the Big Apple Inn. So you're going to either die, worship or come to my place to eat. And that's the only trapped (ph) world (ph)... BOURDAIN: Or all three in that... LEE (ph): That's right.  BOURDAIN: ...but not in that order but... LEE (ph): One (ph) hot (ph). How (ph) are (ph) you (ph) guys (ph) doing today? BOURDAIN: Back when things were hopping, Gino Lee's (ph) great grandfather, Juan Big John Mora (ph) moved to Mississippi from Mexico City, started a family with an African-American woman in Jackson. He sold hot tamales out of a steel drum on the corner. In 1939, he moved the operation inside, right here, now, the last restaurant on the street. Lurking inside, waiting for us is John T. Edge, who leads the Southern Food Ways Alliance. Mr. Edge, how are you doing? Who makes a point, a mission, out of knowing and teaching as much as he can about the real culinary traditions of the south, and doing what he can to keep them alive and unmolested.  Look at that. Awesome. It's just like a dream (ph) sandwich.  What you go for here are smokes -- smoked sausage sandwiches and these magnificent beauties, pig ear sandwiches called ears, both pretty much served with the same garnishes of slaw, mustard, home-made hot sauce on a soft bun.  No, as I understand it, originally, this is one of those -- nobody wants these things. They're dirt cheap. LEE (ph): That's exactly right. In fact, by dirt cheap, the ears were actually free... BOURDAIN: Right.  LEE (ph): ...when my great grandfather started getting the pig ears, the local butcher was giving them to him because he would just throw them away. BOURDAIN: So everything, you know, we -- we love about pig, the texture, the mix of fatty and lean, all that's good. Man, that is just hard to beat. LEE (ph): Ain't it good? BOURDAIN: Yes. It's a good sandwich. And of course, some hot tamales, which at this point in history are about as Mississippi as they are Mexican. Like the blues, they came out of Mississippi in the early 20th century as Mexican migrant workers came in to replace African-Americans, who were headed to work in the great factories and stockyards of Chicago and Detroit.  EDGE:  Yes, sitting down here, eating tamales, we can sketch a history of Mississippi. And that's kind of what I'm most interested in doing, helping southerners understand that their foods are as African as they are Western European.  BOURDAIN: And (ph) more (ph).  EDGE:  And hopefully, by way -- if not largely, you know, music and, you know, if all the other cultural expressions of the south, I think food is a sneaky way of getting at some of the serious stuff we've been talking about. LEE:  As I told you before, I didn't know what a cool job or what a cool restaurant I had until you showed it to me. I'm just making a living, you know, just like a lot of folks around Mississippi. We're not trying to make history. We're not trying to increase tourism. We're not -- all we're doing is doing what we do. BOURDAIN: There is a -- a discomfort level about exploring southern food ways or particularly Mississippi food ways.  LEE (ph): Right.  BOURDAIN: When you're talking about high-end traditional southern cooking, you're talking plantation slavery cooking because that's where these recipes came from. So to revel in that, you don't want to tumble into nostalgia. The potential for awkwardness... LEE: Right.  BOURDAIN: ...and offense is enormous.  EDGE:  I want to be careful. I'm not saying that's what I want the south to be. I'm saying that's what people come to the south looking for. BOURDAIN: Right. EDGE:  They come to the south looking for the past preserved in (ph) an (ph) ember (ph), but the reality is something different. And I want to fix it. I want to fix it. 1865 and 1965, I want it to progress and change. I want to document the change along the way and celebrate the (ph) changes (ph). The burden of race is upon us and we must (ph) shake it. And that can make us better. BOURDAIN: I'm a Yankee, so for me, it's kind of shocking to see this flag. It means a lot of things to a lot of people, first and foremost, meaning I'm not a Yankee and I don't much care what you think. There's no doubt that much of Mississippi history is ugly, from slavery which was pretty much the backbone, the foundation of industry here from the get-go, to Jim Crow (ph), lynchings to church burnings. Fourteen-year-old Emmett Till, killed for talking sass (ph) to a white lady in 1955. The assassination of Medgar Evers in 1963, the murders of civil rights workers James Chaney, Michael Schwerner and Andrew Goodman in 1964, hell, they had to send in 30,000 armed federal agents, national guardsmen and military police just to enforce federal law, allowing a black man to attend state college, a notion that was, shall we say, less than popular here. To be honest, that was about all I had for an image of the state of Mississippi. That was all I knew. And it hadn't occurred to me to look further. But I've traveled the world since then. And I visited and learned to love many places not my own, cultures and beliefs very different from the upper east side of Manhattan. Why can't I love Mississippi? Pie (ph) Infamous (ph) is a proud son and resident of Mississippi, a youth mentor in Jackson's church and public school systems, owner of a marketing agency and hip-hop artist.  This town, it feels empty. Where is everybody? PIE INFAMOUS (ph): I think one thing is a lot of people think that you have to leave Mississippi to be able to do something great. But I think a lot of it is there is so much bubbling in the undercurrent that  sometimes isn't seen.   And I think it takes an artist, it usually takes something that's blank and creates something that's awesome to be able to see the potential in a place, in a canvas, so to speak, that has been vacated by others. BOURDAIN: Soul Wired Cafe, one of the number of places where something is going on, where artists, entrepreneurs, moving at workshops, performance spaces, set up something new and good in formerly abandoned and neglected parts of town.  This is a deeply, deeply conservative state, to say the least, right?  PIE INFAMOUS (ph): This is a tough question because I've got my own opinion.  BOURDAIN: Is it more racist than New York? PIE INFAMOUS (ph): So I think there -- there are some deeply ingrained problems in Mississippi that are connected to a very ugly past that -- that we share with some other southern states. However, I think as far as when we talk about racism expressed through a classes lens, I think Mississippi and New York are on par, right?  BOURDAIN: Yes, no doubt. Pie Infamous (ph) is originally from Clarksdale in the Delta and went to Ole Miss (ph) but he's neither a left nor a lost faith. He feels an obligation to empower, uplift, educate, to contribute. PIE INFAMOUS (ph): One of the important tasks of musicians is being able to really speak truthfully about what's going on without fear of reprisal (ph), right? It allows the audience then to say, you know what, you're right. Now that you've put it to a nice melody or to a nice beat or you say it in that way, and hopefully then that engages them more and allows them to move. And I don't think any movement in the world has not had a sound track, right, regardless of what it is. And so that's our job. (COMMERCIAL BREAK)  BOURDAIN: Depending on what metrics you're using, the Mississippi is somewhere between the tenth and the fourth largest river in the world. One thing for sure, it's big. And it's freaking strong. Also, you really got to put your back into it if you're crazy enough to want to paddle a canoe around in its fast-moving waters. What's the source of the Mississippi? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Well, anywhere a raindrop falls in 44 percent of America. Its (ph) reef (ph) is 3/4 (ph) volume (ph). If you follow the volume of water, two-thirds comes down the Ohio River, but most people will say Lake Itasca in Minnesota. BOURDAIN: John Rusky (ph) is what I'd guess you'd call a river rat. In 1998, he started the Quapaw Canoe Company, a custom outfit that leads guided expeditions on the Mississippi River and its tributaries. As a central part of his operations, he trains local kids from Mississippi and across the river in neighboring Arkansas under an apprentice program, teaching skills like hand-carving canoes, outdoor survival and the ins and outs of guiding and the history of the river. Most of these kids come from pretty distressed neighborhoods and the hope, the intent, is that once trained up, they'll stay with the company. Nice paddling, Tony. You've got the feather (ph) down. Thank you. I'll be feeling that tomorrow.  Buck Island -- most of the island could be under 45 to 50 feet of flowing river water from April to June with the spring ice melt and rainstorms.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We do a lot of cooking. We check (ph) out who's out here.  BOURDAIN: Multi-purpose and indestructible? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes. The next step in this thing is that here are the greens and we should stuff as many greens as we can into that pot.  BOURDAIN: This right here? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.  BOURDAIN (ph): All right.  So how does your program work? Around what age are they generally when they first start? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Teenagers. As soon as they can hold a paddle, the only thing we ask is interest and commitment. BOURDAIN: Well, what does that mean, commitment?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We have this thing called the three honors worked (ph) through (ph) -- respect of yourself, getting good sleep, eating good food, especially before we go on a trip. Second one is respect of other people, other paddlers and of course, the clients. And then the third thing is taking care of the river. You know, they've been told by their parents don't get on the Mississippi River. Maybe they don't even know how to swim. And you know, for a young man or woman, overcoming a fear like that and getting in the canoe and then to have people come and appreciate what you're doing is life-changing experience. But within that is this incredible, right, and beautiful spirit that -- that is intact in the Delta (ph). BOURDAIN: Sweet potatoes, greens, into the Dutch ovens. Throw on the corn when getting close. Finally, on the wet logs on top of glowing coals, lay some steaks, some pork loin and pork tenderloins right on there. Just keep an eye on them. Look, we have full spectrum of steaks. Potato's perfect.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Corn on the cob. BOURDAIN: Yes. Hunk of bread, living large on the Mississippi. And yes, there is too much food for two people. And yes, that is a whole hell of a lot of meat. And I know it would be awful to waste all that extra. But don't worry because these gentlemen are tired and hungry.  Welcome, gentlemen. Right no, come (ph) on (ph), the corn on the cob here, greens, probably (ph) a (ph) cookie (ph). Have a little more of this. Oh, looking good.  I don't want to say I'm good, but I'm good. All right.  More, sir? Who's missed a steak here?  Sir, you got -- who needs steak? I feel all Crocodile Dundee. Beautiful. So all that paddling, how bad am I going to hurt tomorrow? Oh, I don't like the sound of that. That hesitation, not a good sign. Those tenderloins are nice. Good stuff. Man, we have mastered the wild today. The Mississippi Delta is a big sponge that stretches between the Yazoo and the Mississippi. It's what's called an alluvial flood plain of about 7,000 square miles or almost 4.5 million acres. This area used to look very different -- massive wild, old wood forests and swamps. After the passage of the cheerful-sounding native removal act of 1830, the Delta became open for settlement by any white people crazy enough, hardy enough, determined enough or just plain mean and greedy enough to come here. REED (ph): There's no way to make up for our bad racial past. But you do -- you now, the sense of community that keeps people here is evidenced in this place. BOURDAIN: Julia Reed (ph) is Greenville born and raised, the daughter of a political family, a writer, author and as Delta as it gets.  How long you been in Mississippi? CURRENCE (ph): Twenty-two years. I came in 1992. BOURDAIN: John Currence (ph) is a celebrated chef who had left New Orleans to come to Mississippi and open first one, then many more restaurants and businesses in the town of Oxford. CURRENCE: I've stayed busy. BOURDAIN: And this is Doe's Eat Place in Greenville. Aloha (ph).  REED (ph): This is the great Florence Cigna (ph). BOURDAIN: Why, so good to meet you. REED (ph): Florence is in charge of the salad bowl and has been for -- this is -- Florence is Doe, Sr. sister-in-law. When did y'all open up, Florence -- 1930... CIGNA (ph): 1941. REED (ph): Forty-one. Close enough. BOURDAIN: Like a lot of folks around here, Dominic Big Doe Cigna got his start selling hot tamales to-go. At the beginning, the place catered to the black community.   But after word got out how good the food was, white people started coming, which led to a kind of weird accommodation to the segregation of the day. Blacks came in the front, white people snuck in the back. The menu expanded with the clientele.  What human qualities are unique or marked in the native of Mississippi? REED (ph): I cannot address Mississippi because like I said, the Delta's a whole another planet.  BOURDAIN: Oh, OK. Better question, then, how does the life-long Delta resident differ from... REED (ph): You have to be a little crazy to want to come in the first place because it was like the swamp, buddy. It was under water. I mean, you had to be crazy to come.  And you had to have enough money to -- to make it work. So yes, it took some sort of gamblers. I mean, that -- that spirit still infuses the place. It's a little reckless.  It's sophisticated because they'd all come from elsewhere, you know, I mean, you know, you go from -- from the Delta to the hills. I mean, we're totally snobbish up here even when we didn't have a right to be. I mean, tough where you just came from, Jackson. Are you kidding me? BOURDAIN: Right.  REED (ph): You'd have to be paid money to go to Jackson from Greenville.  BOURDAIN: They feel the same way down there about you guys (ph).  REED (ph): If they don't get us because they ain't got no sense of humor.  BOURDAIN: So what about the food? Has this place changed at all in... REED: No.  CURRENCE: It's been 20 years since I was here last and literally exactly the same.  BOURDAIN: Not much in the way of capital improvements or time motion study. The system such as it is is, well, crazy. They eat right here in the kitchen.  And the division of labor, the flow of work, well, I gave up trying to figure it out five minutes in and just figured, I'll get loaded and eat all this delicious food. The salad thing is famous, hand-tossed in the same wooden bowl for decades. The hot tamales, same as they ever was. REED (ph): And those tamales are just incredible because they're made with the steak's drippings and stuff that you're getting ready to see. So... CURRENCE (ph): Oh, yes.  BOURDAIN: Oh, really. REED (ph): It greatly enhances the flavor. Oh, my god. CURRENCE (ph): I can eat them until I was sick. BOURDAIN: Fries done in cast iron pan on the stovetop, the famous shrimp, steaks on an old roll-out broiler, drippings all over the top. REED (ph): And you know, you're not going to get skinny or healthy eating the hot tamales, fried shrimp and steak at Doe's. There's no question about it. BOURDAIN: Oh, that's good. I'm happy. Should (ph) at (ph) least (ph) have (ph) mixed (ph) it (ph). Yes, hey, that's good. Well, you're right about those shrimp. They are delicious. REED (ph): The shrimp? Oh, yes. BOURDAIN: Is there a dessert that I should be saving room for? REED (ph): Are you kidding me? There is no dessert. It's pretty damn bare bones, my friend. If you ask for one, they'll give you a lollipop. (COMMERCIAL BREAK)  EDGE: This is exactly what you expect in Mississippi, though, right? BOURDAIN: Yes, it's supposed to look like this.  EDGE: You know, I moved here from Georgia and the thing that struck me when I moved here, driving through the Delta the first time, was just how empty it was, like, you know, it's like everybody left. BOURDAIN: The great migration, three factors -- automation, the invention of mechanical means to pick cotton, the call of better-paying jobs in the  industries of the north, and of course, freedom. EDGE: You know, people think about the blues as a lament. A lot of blues songs are about freedom, about getting the hell out of Mississippi, you know.  And -- and there were a lot of reasons to get the hell out of Mississippi for a long time. Now, there's a return migration. There's this whole period late '60s, early '70s, where kids are bugging out of Brown University to come sit at the foot of an aging blues... BOURDAIN: Right. EDGE: ...in (ph) Mississippi. There's a cyclical pattern to that. Now,  you know, you see people kind of doing the same thing with food, like there's a whole generation that wants to come down here and sit at the foot of an aged campus (ph) cook (ph). BOURDAIN: State Senator Willie Simmons has been an elected official of the Mississippi Delta for 20 years. And he's been running this place, Senator's place, for 11. BOURDAIN: What's the difference between soul food and southern -- traditional southern food? SIMMONS: It -- it depends on the culture and what neighborhood you were in. If you were in the black neighborhood, then it became soul. We probably put a little bit more of the throwaway in our cooking, the pig feet, the pig tail, the neck bones and all of that's fatty. BOURDAIN: Now, you're making me hungry. Now, you're (ph)... SIMMONS: Where (ph) they (ph) make (ph) more (ph).  BOURDAIN: OK, oh, that's it.  SIMMONS: So greens, sour (ph) greens... BOURDAIN: Well, I'll have some of that, for sure. Is that fried okra there? I'll have a little of that. Might need more than one plate at this rate. Let me get some mac and cheese. What's that, lima beans? The red bean -- oh, man, that looks kind of good, too. Yes, a little bit of that.  Neck bones floating around somewhere?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, right here.  BOURDAIN: OK, yes, I'll have some of those. Little rice and gravy on there, yes, thanks. And oh, I'll have a piece of fried chicken there. If you've got a thigh, that would be great.  EDGE: Okra's perfect. BOURDAIN: Yes, it is. Man, that's good. SIMMONS: Now, here in the south, if you want to, you can throw your fork away and just grab (ph) it (ph) by (ph) hand (ph). BOURDAIN: Don't worry, I'll be working on that one. SIMMONS: We forgive you and don't hold it against you.  BOURDAIN: Could eat this okra all day long, man. It's good.  SIMMONS: I don't know what you think about those greens. But the (ph) beans (ph)... BOURDAIN: They're nice. Yes, that's tasty. Do you see the way people get the credit for southern cooking as we know it?  SIMMONS: I do. BOURDAIN: You (ph) see (ph) the (ph) way (ph) people get the credit? I mean... EDGE: People know. People know who's behind this food, whether it's called soul food or whether it's called country cooking. BOURDAIN: How is the Delta, the mindset of the Delta, different than the rest of the state? SIMMONS: No one else can compare with us like -- they have no other (ph) something (ph) who can sit on top of you and tell you that they represent Dockery plantation where the blues supposed to have been born. There's no one else that can tell you in his district is the home of B.B. King, can tell you that he represents the area where his (ph) family (ph) came from, where Jared Butler (ph) was born, going to name others, the Staple Singers. When we talk about the heritage and the culture and what comes out of the Delta, that's all within this district that I represent. So Mississippi Delta has that pride. BOURDAIN: Forty-six miles southeast is Greenwood, a town with a lot of history, most of it of the not-good variety, known unfortunately as much for Byron de la Beckwith and Tom Brady's infamous speech after Brown versus the Board of Education as anything else. Fairly or not, it's hard to get past that. During all the years of cruelty and struggle from 1933 on, through it all, and until today, this place, Lusco's, was a beloved institution. Once a grocery store, it turned restaurant to the moneyed class, serving them in discreet quarters in the pack where one could enjoy an alcoholic beverage in what was then a dry state. Still going after all these years, unchanged. Why? EDGE: This place is like a relic, like, indiscretions, past, you know.  BOURDAIN: But maybe, to really tell the story of this place, you have to start with the story of its most famous employee, Booker Wright. He'd been working at Lusco's as a waiter since he was 14 years old. (BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)  WRIGHT: Pleasure (ph) to you all. We don't have a written menu. I'll be glad to tell you what they're going to serve tonight.  (END VIDEOTAPE)  BOURDAIN: In 1965, NBC News came to town, making a documentary on race relations. Booker's entertaining recitation of the menu at Lusco's was famous around town so they asked him to do his usual routine for the camera. (BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)  WRIGHT: We have great (ph) cocktail (ph), the (ph) shrimp, (inaudible)... (END VIDEOTAPE)  BOURDAIN: But at the end of his usual litany is where he dropped the truth bomb that nobody was ready for right here. (BEGIN VIDEOTAPE) WRIGHT: Now, I put (ph) my customers (inaudible) expecting of me (ph) (inaudible) so I must (ph) smile (ph). Some call me Bookie (ph). Some call me John (ph). Some call me dim (ph). Some call me nigger.  Follow (ph) the (ph) day (ph), but you have to smile. If you don't, what's wrong with you? The meaner the man be, the more you smile, although you're crying on the inside. I'm not going to get that nigger (ph). You don't look for no tips. Yes, sir, thank you. What did you say? Thank you, sir. That's what you have to go through here but remember, you have to keep your smile.  (END VIDEOTAPE)  BOURDAIN: Telling the truth was still risky business in 1966 Mississippi. And Booker Wright was not rewarded for his candor.  It was not a good experience for him. It did not make him a star by... EDGE: That was in the White community. But even though Stephen Carmichael (ph) maybe first chanted black power here, that was less important to the black community here than what Booker said on the NBC News. BOURDAIN: Yes.  The private dining rooms at Lusco's are still here. The menu, much the same -- steaks, fish, the famous broiled shrimp, the Lusco's special salad with the house Italian vinaigrette dressing and a healthy dose of anchovy, onion rings. EDGE: Salad makes me happy. BOURDAIN: Yes, me, too. EDGE: Mostly the anchovies make me happy. BOURDAIN: Yes, yes, love those. Catfish for Mr. Edge, the famous pompano for me.  EDGE (ph): It's kind of the mark of being a great restaurant in the Delta if you have pompano. BOURDAIN: It's a big damn fish. No way I'm finishing this.  EDGE: Sitting here, the booths, the curtains, the whole ring bell for service thing, it seems lost in time. EDGE: We got a long and ugly history but one (ph) of the things I love about this place is you can't deny the burden of the past. It gets on your shoulder.  It's right there, like, you know, I mean, America chooses to deny its providence (ph), you know, in many ways, you know, I mean, it declares itself a post-racial society. That's just shitting (ph) on the flag (ph) of Mississippi. You can't keep playing that.  21:35 (COMMERCIAL BREAK)  21:39 BOURDAIN: Oxford, Mississippi is a lovely, incongruously eccentric little island, a mutation, a college town, a magnet for writers, thinkers and oddballs, drawn perhaps by its rich literary tradition is the home of one of our greatest authors, William Faulkner. Faulkner was a Mississippi native, a former postman, an outdoorsman and eventual winner of the Nobel Prize in literature and two Pulitzer Prizes for fiction. He never graduated high school. This was his house, Rowan Oak. Faulkner wrote such American classics as "The Sound and the Fury," "As I Lay Dying," "Light in August" and "Absalom, Absalom. And many of his works took place in a fictional county, a place very much like this place, in Mississippi. GRIFFITH: This is where Faulkner started his writing career, in this room here. BOURDAIN: For the past 10 years, Bill Griffith has been curator at William Faulkner's estate. GRIFFITH: He had in (ph) this (ph) room (ph) on (ph) after he won the Nobel Prize. On the wall here is an outline of one of his novels. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, that was his greatest book. GRIFFITH: Faulkner thought that was his masterpiece. Jack Pendarvis is the author of "Your Body is Changing," "The Mysterious Secret of the Valuable Treasure" and "Awesome" as well as a staff writer for the game-changing animated series "Adventure Time," all works of which I am a huge fan. BOURDAIN: So he wrote right -- right on the wall? GRIFFITH: He just wrote on it. BOURDAIN: It's -- it's his man-cave. GRIFFITH: Yes, it's his -- it's his version. He said that houses in Mississippi who have a family business have one room dedicated to the family business. And this family's business is writing. BOURDAIN: From as early as 1919 through the early '60s, Faulkner wrote extensively about the post-civil war south. He was the first author to do so, at a time when most writers were writing about anything but. GRIFFITH: He always said that he wrote about a south torn between itself, torn between the old ways, the old traditional ways and modern development. He said he was going to break the Anabella (ph) code. BOURDAIN: Right.  GRIFFITH: And he did. BOURDAIN: But? GRIFFITH: He did. And yet... BOURDAIN: Then they bailed (ph) him (ph) out (ph).  GRIFFITH: He had those hobbies, interests that were definitely of a gentry class and a gentry nature. PENDARVIS: His portrait and his horse... GRIFFITH: Yes, there's a great example... BOURDAIN: Yes.  GRIFFITH: ...I mean, and -- and his writing habit, that's a great example. You do get to a certain level of success and all of a sudden, this seems like a good idea and it's never a good idea at that age. BOURDAIN: At any age. GRIFFITH: Exactly. BOURDAIN: Was he politically active at all? I mean, there was a lot going on... GRIFFITH: He was the middle of the road Democrat. That's what he said. He said you have to bring black education up with white education. And since the state of Mississippi will not invest in black education, it's up to its citizens to do so. He said that segregation wasn't about being right or wrong. He said any sane, sober Southerner knows that it's wrong. It's about wanting to change or not. But people don't want to give up power. Fear is still alive and well in Mississippi. I think racism is one of those great things in the world that you'll never solve. And that's why Faulkner wrote about it. BOURDAIN: Writers, as I know from looking in my own dark heart, are generally terrible people. Put 10 of them together and it's like putting your head in a bag full of snakes. I meet a bunch of them above City Grocery, John Currence's place on the square. There's the brilliant author, Tom Franklin and his wife, the poet Beth Ann Fennelly. Grisham writer in residence, Megan Abbott (ph), Pendarvis, you know, poet,  Chiyuma Elliott , Wright Thompson is the Senior Writer for ESPN, fellow writer on the series remain (ph), Chris Hoffman (ph), novelist, Ace Atkins. Poet, Derek Harrell (ph) is originally from Milwaukee, Crime novelist Billy Boyle (ph) from Brooklyn. Downstairs, Currence's restaurant City Grocery cranks out many delicious things. The man known as big bad chef, a.k.a. Johnny Snack, is sending some of those goodies upstairs as there is nothing professional writers like more than free food. BOURDAIN: They usually put five writers in a room, it's an ugly hell broth of envy, hatred... UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We all hate Tommy.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No, that goes without saying.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Even me, I hate me worst of all. PEDARVIS: Around here anyway, the writers are really supportive of each other. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.  PEDARVIS: For writers to argue would be like arguing over a piece of dirt. (CROSSTALK)  PEDARVIS: I mean, what are we fighting about? The stakes are so low. Why would you be a jerk about it? BOURDAIN: If Mississippi were a country and there were a national hero, dead or alive, by consensus, statewide, who would -- who would the statue be of? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Elvis. BOURDAIN: Really? Wouldn't it B.B. King?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It should be -- it should be B.B. King. I mean, yes, but it would be Elvis.  BOURDAIN (ph): But it would be Elvis.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Well, I mean, Mississippi is, you know, the joke is that it's not a state, it's a club, that it's so small that everybody knows everybody.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: In the middle of Mississippi, Oxford is an oasis of thought and -- and art and literature and feeling... BOURDAIN: Yes.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: ...and sentiment and everything. It's the bonus (ph) place for velvet (ph) ditch (ph).  BOURDAIN: Why the velvet (ph) ditch (ph)? PEDERVIS: I guess you just roll in and it's pretty freaking comfortable. And you don't care much about getting out, right, right? Am I right? BOURDAIN: Well, no one here seems too bitter about that. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's a place that needs help but it's a really great place. We're never leaving. (COMMERCIAL BREAK)  BOURDAIN: Is there a distinctive barbecue style in the state of Mississippi? CURRENCE: No, not that -- that we can really discern at all. And it's part of the reason that we wanted to do this. We -- and we got our hands on this place and sort of been puzzled for years, you know, of what Mississippi barbecue is all about. The more I dug into it, the less and less I can find. And so what we wanted to do is sort of take a look at barbecue that surrounds us and see if we could sort of Frankenstein barbecue. BOURDAIN: There isn't really any fixed idea of Mississippi barbecue. And other than this place, Lamar Lounge, John Currence's not-for- profit bar/restaurant, there's no other pit-smoked whole hog barbecue in the entire state. A 175-pound pig will feed many mouths. About 250 people eat here a day.  Now, this is a not-for-profit establishment? CURRENCE: Yes.  BOURDAIN: Is that -- is that right?  CURRENCE: Yes, it sure is. BOURDAIN: What kind of socialist, communist are you up to, Currence? What -- what -- what's going on here? This is the state of Mississippi. CURRENCE: Just a feel-good kind of guy. BOURDAIN: Me, too. I've been here only a week and my sentences are starting to change already, because there's not just a physical rhythm to the speech, but the way I'm organizing my thoughts is starting to change. Some of the Oxford writers from last night managed to make it out of bed, heads pounding no doubt, filled with the shame and self-loathing, surely familiar for writers. But like such greats of the past as Malcolm Lowery, F. Scott Fitzgerald, and Charles Bukowski, they, too, have learned that more alcohol first thing will often make you feel better about the world, particularly if accompanied by freshly baked cornbread, biscuits, pulled pork off that whole hog, sweet jerk chicken and brisket. Hell, I feel better already. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The Mississippi that I perceived is not the Mississippi that I've had in my head. I was surprised how on sold I was off the bat. If you want to write, come to Oxford. BOURDAIN: Do you think that's true? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Well, apparently, yes. PERDARVIS: Like that line in Barton (ph), if you can't throw a rock without hitting a writer, many says, do me a favor, throw it hard. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's easy to look at Mississippi and go, that just happens down there so we're good. Our hands are clean. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's a totally misperceived place. When I came, I fell in love with the place. I never thought that I would. There's something to it but you can't put your finger on what it is. BOURDAIN: What it is can be found in the dark spaces across the tracks and on the other side of town. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Hey, good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Rampage Lounge (ph) right by the cemetery and back by the river.  21:52 (COMMERCIAL BREAK)  21:56 BOURDAIN: What is a juke joint? You've heard reference to them, no doubt, but -- but what is it? I guess the first thing you've got to know is it's pronounced juke joint. And this one, this is a real good one. Scholars have suggested the work juk (ph) came from the Gullah, descendants of enslaved Africans. And it meant wicked or disorderly, to dance, or a place of shelter. Juke joints started in this (ph) plantation community rooms during slavery times. They went on to become the small, private African- American-run bars, clubs and lounges. First in rural areas, then in towns and cities, where workers could dance, drink, party and gamble as respite from the hard labor of Delta sharecropping, tenant farming, house service and segregation. They were often condemned by church leaders as houses of the devil. William "Po' Monkey's" Seaberry (ph) runs this place, as he has since 1963. And he makes the rules. How long has this been in business? SEABERYY: Currently (ph) on (ph) its (ph) 50th (ph) year (ph). I'm 74.  BOURDAIN: How did you get into this business?  SEABERRY: I just got into it, something I like to do. Then everybody come in and enjoy themselves, no problem. BOURDAIN: Please explain this policy. No hats backwards and no pants hanging down... SEABERRY: That's right. That's right. If you don't like my rules, don't come.  BOURDAIN: What other rules here? No rap music.  SEABERRY: No rap (ph) -- bump, bump, bump, I don't like that (ph) stuff (ph). Give me a headache in this brain. I love all blues, all of (ph) the (ph) good, I mean, only blues.  BOURDAIN: Good R&B;? SEABERRY: That's right, that's right.  BOURDAIN: But no rap? SEABERRY: No, no.  BOURDAIN: Never? Even if I Kanye West wants to rent out the place, you're going to rent it to him? SEABERRY: I'll rent it to him. BOURDAIN: Just (ph) in (ph) case (ph).  SEABERRY: So, I ain't got time. And the world would be able to peek (ph) down (ph) all (ph) blues (ph). If you came (ph) for a good time, stay (ph) with me.  BOURDAIN: Words to live by. Thank you, sir. I love your place and thank you for having us. SEABERRY: Well, you've got to come back again. BOURDAIN: Oh, I surely will. SEABERRY: I'll find somebody to get naked with you. BOURDAIN: Oh.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: OK, DJ, you can kick it back off. BOURDAIN: Thursday night is family night at Po' Monkey's, mostly locals, a mixed bag. The music is classic R&B; and pre-disco soul. The attitude, loose. Just familiarize yourself with those rules and there won't be a problem. In the cities of the north where I come from, in some ways, we've been able to buy ourselves free from our past. New arrivals pour in with no memory of the ugly parts of our history. We can afford the luxury of the new. We can live in comfortable bubbles, our apartments high in the sky.  In many ways, more separate than at anytime in history. But for Mississippi, the past is right there to see, still present, and coming to terms with it, not in abstract discussion, but the daily business of life. [21:00:00]  ANTHONY BOURDAIN, PARTS UNKNOWN HOST:  Nearly a year on the road, all those miles, all those airports, infinite variety of awful plumbing, it was time for something low impact.  So, off to Jamaica. This is the first time I've ever driven a car on the wrong side of the road, I mean knowingly.  How hard could it be?  Oh I get to pass on the right, too.  Thankfully, we have a roll bar. But this time a different angle, you probably know of Jamaica as a vacation paradise, but it's worth mentioning this is a divided country and it is has been in one form or another since the days of slavery. There's a small minority who control most everything and then there's the poorer, generally darker skin majority less connected, left out. Jamaican cuisine, a lot of it, still reflects this conflicted story. Breadfruit, salt fish, this was slave food.  Cheap, long-lasting, filling introduced basically as feed. Day one, first order of business, get my, you know, some jerk chicken. Can you blame me?  No.  I think not.  Oh that was good.  Yeah, yeah, I know this routine, believe me.  It's brown.  It's murky and it burns, mommy.  It burns. And there are still all these years later, two Jamaicas.  There's the Jamaica that most Jamaicans live in, cook in, struggle to survive in, the real Jamaica. [21:05:00] Then there's the Jamaica which you're probably more familiar with. But tourists have been coming to Jamaica for a long time, when this part of the island, particularly, Port Antonio, threatened to become an international jet set destination. Local legend has it that Errol Flynn was shipwrecked here on his yacht in 1947 and promptly fell in love with the place.  Before Flynn, it has been an empire of bananas.  A huge industry that later become United Fruit.  Bananas went out, tourist came in.  The banana business eventually went elsewhere and when tourism shifted to the other side of the island with the construction of an airport at Montego Bay, well, that was pretty much it.  The northeast coast was largely forgotten. It has the feel still of a forgotten paradise.  There are those who believe that the area can come back and it must come back, that the future is in hotels and resorts and restaurants for wealthy visitors as it once was. Take this place, for instance.  The Trident Hotel, expensive, luxurious, best of all, I'm the only guest.  Oh, did I mention it comes with a castle?  What kind of person would own a building like that?  Who?  Why? Then this man arrived and kind of answered that question.  All of this belongs to Michael Lee-Chin, local boy turned billionaire, one of the richest men in the world and my host.  He's invited me for dinner. MICHAEL LEE-CHIN, OWNER OF TRIDENT HOTEL:  We'll try some rum before we do some crabbing, right? BOURDAIN:  You're right.  Yeah, that's sounds like a plan. But first we need crabs for that dinner I'm told, caught in a traditional style.  A drink is in order. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Cheers, man. BOURDAIN:  All right, cheers. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Let's start crabbing. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Crabbing. BOURDAIN:  A lot of crab holes. This time of year, Port Antonio was literally crawling with crabs.  I am told it will be really easy.  Just scoop up the little bastards and then it's back to the pool. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Tony, you haven't seen any, right? BOURDAIN:  No, I'm looking, I'll launch at them.  It's hot.  I think is that rum. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  You've got to take in the bush, you know. BOURDAIN:  It's sweltering, freaking hot, and dark. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  You finding something? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Awesome, man. BOURDAIN:  But it doesn't seem to bother the hotel chefs who willing risk dismemberment for the sake of procuring a tasty dinner. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  We want them alive.  We have questions to ask them.  Where are your friends? BOURDAIN:  Yeah. One crab down, 49 left to go. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  We're down by 20, we've got to get some more tonight.  So... BOURDAIN:  I'm, frankly, anxious to get this over with so when the opportunity rises to stick my paw down into a hole where there's probably a pissed-off crab, looking to clamp down my pinky with his pincers, I could careless. Nothing.  Nope, nobody home. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Ants.  Damn it.  I think I step on an ant nest. BOURDAIN:  Are those fire ants?  Wonderful.  Please attack my nutsack. Anything to get this over with quicker. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  He's running... UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Are you all right, man. BOURDAIN:  Good.  And I don't want to kill the little guy. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  That's it right there.  Right on the left, right on the left, woah.  Expert. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Nice one. BOURDAIN:  Next. But seems like several sweltering hours later, it's mission accomplished and it's back to home base and time to get ready for dinner at the castle, followed by a party, I'm told. LEE-CHIN:  Do you recognize this, Tony? BOURDAIN:  I put this guy in a bag tonight. I'm joined by billionaire Michael, his partner Jon Baker, music producer and hotelier, Jon's wife Nordia, Errol Flynn's grandson, Luke Flynn and his wife Sky. [21:10:08] You grew up in this... LEE-CHIN:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  ...  in this area.  What was Port Antonio like in the '50s? LEE-CHIN:  Port Antonio was -- it was vibrant, banana, lots of wealthy tourists.  So Port Antonio was a happening place. BOURDAIN:  You are a man with a diverse financial interest, banks, communications.  As a veteran of 30 years in the hospitality business, why?  Why would you do such a hard and probably unprofitable thing?  I mean, usually unprofitable. LEE-CHIN:  You're being very kind. BOURDAIN:  It's a really (inaudible) ... LEE-CHIN:  Well, I thought you're smart, I thought you're brilliant but you behavior shows that you don't. BOURDAIN:  No, no.  I know the answer.  Are you a romantic? LEE-CHIN:  Great things can and will happen when you romanticize, you dream, you aspire, you see a vision and you settle to achieve that vision.  Trident is here to catalyze people to come to Port Antonio and discover wow, wow, and wow again. BOURDAIN:  Where does it crossover where all of the things you love about this area, where all of the villas are spanking new and people are building 400-room hotels?  Is there a threshold where things start to not be the things that you loved about the place in the first place and how do you guard against that? LEE-CHIN:  You know, Tony, Port Antonio is a long way from getting there.  It has not progressed out of the '50s.  It's had very little tourism in recent years. BOURDAIN:  Why isn't there lots of -- everybody loves reggae, everybody loves Bob Marley, everybody loves spicy, delicious Jamaican food.  What is the problem? LEE-CHIN:  Because you don't get off a plane and go 100 yards to an all-inclusive.  There is no rural lift here.  You have to get here. BOURDAIN:  That simple, there's no.... JON BAKER, MUSIC PRODUCER AND HOTELIER:  It's as simples as a lift and it is as simple as -- we're shrouded by the Blue Mountains and it's an effort to get here.  So it filters out certain forms of travelers so we have to make it a little bit easier to get... BOURDAIN:  You get beat out by a lot of lame islands these days? BAKER:  Yeah. LEE-CHIN:  Yes, totally. LUKE FLYNN, ERROL FLYNN'S GRANDSON:  And even in Jamaica, lamer areas for me, I say if someone says I've been to Jamaica and they haven't been to Port Antonio, I'm like, oh really?  You didn't get a real feeling of Jamaica. LEE-CHIN:  You can't go many places in the world and find natural beauty, people who are genuinely warm, where there's a strong culture of food, strong culture in terms of music.  And at the same time, being able to be a part of a community and you can be a visitor without being a part of a tourist industry. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [21:18:01] BOURDAIN:  Hello.  During World War II, British Naval Intelligence Officer Ian Fleming came to Jamaica on a secret mission to investigate possible U-Boat activity.  Like the legendary character he would later create, he was a spy.  The mission came to nothing but Fleming fell immediately in love with the island and vowed to return, which he did, buying this place, GoldenEye.  At the time considered, very Spartan, a cottage, a single room really, a few smaller rooms in the back but an incredible view.  He spent much of the rest of his life here writing a book each year at this desk.  You know those books. Today, Fleming's cottage has been enlarged and made more luxurious as a hotel but the original house still stands along with some improvements.  Bravo, aye?  What did every young American boy want? Every red-blooded American male born in 1956, I could tell you, they wanted a grotto.  It sounded pretty good to be at 12.  As I got older, I started to think about this was like exactly who was in that grotto before me, it becomes more of a concern as you grow up.  It's like did Ron Jeremy (ph) just leave the grotto?  Am I the first one in the grotto?  Did someone change the water in the grotto?  These were concerns later in life, but this was it.  I wanted a grotto, I still kind of do. Thank you so much.  This is totally better than the Playboy mansion. You know that the Playboy mansion totally smells like old man ear stink. [21:20:05] The current owner of GoldenEye is another unusual man, Chris Blackwell, legendary music producer, turned hotelier. Over the years, Blackwell has expanded the property into a resort. Its gates reaching right up to the fishing beach at neighboring Oracabessa.  Blackwell has big plans of the area. The next day, I leave GoldenEye's luxurious embrace, headed into town for something well, I just had to have, a long-time favorite. BOURDAIN:  What do we have here?  Oxtail. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yeah man.  Curry goat. BOUDAIN:  Oh, sweet. I don't care whether it's the Bronx or Kingston or wherever I can get it, oxtail, curried goat, callaloo, and of course rice and pigeon peas.  Got to have that. God, I love the food in this country. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes, man.  The best. BOURDAIN:  It's such a mix. African, a lot of people totally miss that, I mean curry goats. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yeah, man.  It's... BROUDAIN:  It comes from the East Indies, what they used to call it. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  That's true. BOURDAIN:  Chef Precis (ph) cook shop has become something of a local institution, a thriving business in a town that's seen better days. How long you've been up in here? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I've been up in this little shop for 13 years. BOURDAIN:  13 years. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yeah, man. BOURDAIN:  The town changed in that time or stayed the same? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Well right now, you know, we are in -- our economy's not been so good right now so. BOURDAIN:  Why not?  It's one of the most areas in the world. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yeah, for real.  We have a beautiful waterfront. BOURDAIN:  Beautiful weather. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yeah, beautiful ladies. BOURDAIN:  Fantastic food. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yeah, what more could a guy ask for? BOURDAIN:  What do you think went wrong?  I mean, why would people stop coming? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I guess the guys in the top seat mess it up, so they are trying to correct it now, you know. BOURDAIN:  It's expanding fast. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yeah, it is. BOURDAIN:  The town.  And then they're going to be building all the way... UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yeah, all the way down there. BOURDAIN:  All the way around. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yeah, so... BOURDAIN:  So that's thousands of tourists? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yeah, thousands probably.  To be honest, I'm waiting for that moment.  I don't want to... We really need that, you know, because this town was dying fast, real fast.  So it's about, now, coming back and it's now booming the town. So, it's a good step in the right direction. BOURDAIN:  Thank you.  Oh yeah, see now -- now I'm happy.  That is just beautiful.  Nice place to grow up? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It is. BOURDAIN:  What's the life being a kid? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  My childhood days I used to spend it on a beach. BOURDAIN:  That's pretty good. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yeah. BOURDAIN:  Who gets to do that? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Well, I guess only me and my friends. BOURDAIN:  But I mean do you ever take it for granted?  Like you ever said -- do you ever get... UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yeah, we do.  We do. BOURDAIN:  You do? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  We do.  We do.  See, and the thing about it when we really need it, that's the time we cant have it, you know?  Because a lot of our waterfronts have been gone, you know, we have very little right now.  You know, it's OK, we have Kingston Beach like 10 minutes walk from the house and so, at least we were one of the luckier ones. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [21:27:18] BOURDAIN:  It's inevitable of course, that next door to GoldenEye, there would be a James Bond beach. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  All of the Bond movies were conceptualized and written here. BOURDAIN:  When Blackwell heard I wanted to visit the local fisherman, he hooked me up with his good friend, Carl, to accompany me. I'm here to hit Dr. Hoe's, a local rum bar where one can indulge in a typical hard working fisherman's breakfast, rum. So we're drinking rum here?  We're drinking beer?  Are we drinking rum and beer? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  All I know, it's hardcore. BOURDAIN:  But you're recommending just like some beer and some rum together. (CROSSTALK) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  All right, Steel Bottom now, right?  Then the one part of rum. BOURDAIN:  One, yup. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  And four parts of beer.  No water, no ice.  Try that.  The Steel Bottom, meaning it's none. BOURDAIN:  It's good. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yeah.  And you could take it in your dimension. BOURDAIN:  So who fishes here?  Do you fish? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yeah. BOURDAIN:  What are you fishing for? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Hold on, let me get it.  It's multiple fishing. BOURDAIN:  Right. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  This will be your snapper, your pirate, your grunt. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Exactly. BOURDAIN:  Right.  So is business better these days or worse these days?  OK, worse, right? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Over fishing is a problem. BOURDAIN:  Oracabessa is a fishing village, for now at least.  All throughout the Caribbean, fish stocks are in decline and making a living from the sea is getting harder and harder. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  So right here, it actually become a fishing sanctuary where we're trying to now revive the fish stock around the island. BOURDAIN:  So if this becomes a protected sanctuary, what are you going to do for a living? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yeah, so they have to go farther out to sea for deep sea fishing. BOURDAIN:  That means more gas. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  More gas, more economic (inaudible) less fish.  So it's a stream, right? BOURDAIN:  Is there a future for the traditional fishing industry in Jamaica or do you think like every place else in the Caribbean, is it going to end up an entirely tourist economy? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  This is going to belong to the tourists.  This place because (I think things) I live just up the road, lovely spot which, is on the coast, just like Chris Blackwell.  And they're going to tell me that I cannot fish in there. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Well, what is happening now... BOURDAIN:  And here's what I'm kind of getting at, rich people want to live what they see as a simple life.  In their minds, they want to live the life of a Jamaican fisherman.  So they want to live the life of somebody who doesn't have a lot of money. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Exactly. BOURDAIN:  But the people who actually do that now are given up their living and essentially entering the tourist sector.  There's a certain amount of weird irony at work here.  Who gets to live in paradise? [21:30:06] UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Nobody because guess what... UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  You got a point.  And I'm like clearing the point (inaudible), right?  There's a lot of things going on here, right?  I write a piece of paper couple of months ago that's going on down here, right?  Nature's here.  There are no beach in a few months (inaudible). BOURDAIN:  This architect's model sits in one of GoldenEye's offices, showing what Oracabessa's coastline will look like if all goes according to plan. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  They're going to have an ID to come inside here. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I don't care about truth man, people kill for truth. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  No, I'm telling the truth. BOURDAIN:  I'm no expert at local politics but whatever is going on here has clearly stirred up some strong emotions. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  See that street there, that street is school kids that have to go to school.  They also want to own that lane.  And they are still (ph)... UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Wait up.  Wait up.  Wait up. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Wait a minute, I'm talking here. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Wait up.  Wait up.  Wait up. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Wait a minute, Chris. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  You got to stop talk. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Hold on. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Are you going to stop... (CROSSTALK) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  We got to talk really... UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  All right, all right.  Big man, stop talking. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Why?  Why? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Come here.  Come here. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Go back, go back. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Please don't do that. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  No, no, just sit down, you know. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  To order program to work, assuming you just kick back and be cool. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  All right, I'll sit down. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  You can't expose yourself. BOURDAIN:  Which is better, to be your own man, uphold family tradition in a dangerous ever shrinking, ever more difficult business, trying to catch fish in the sea or carry a golf bag for a wealthy tourist.  I couldn't tell you.  I was in the service industry cooking people's food for most of my working life, so it's not like I have anything against it.  But I don't know. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It's a joyous day.  Let us find the spirit in man and travel to the unknown. You think because we are here in the present that it just started. This has come in (inaudible) we don't have the unknown of the nothingness.  And we are going to go on into the information into the celestial. We are what is called astral travelers.  Travel from dimension to dimension.  If one man dies, all man did.  If one man lives, all man live.  Tolerance (ph). One dog, one fall, one go, one puss (ph), one moon, one sun.  It has to be multipurpose, you know, to sustain energy and life.  So you have black, blue, green, pink, yellow, river, sea, mountain, birds, dogs, puss (ph), man.  Everything it comes in none such.  Everything is relative.  The chair, the money, everything is connected to the universe.  So if any one person does not realize how vulnerable we are within the changes of time, and we will not disappear, my brethren, is I and I. (COMMERICAL BREAK) [21:37:26] BOURDAIN:  Who gets to live in Paradise?  It's Jamaica. Let's accept as a basic premise that this is about as close to paradise as it gets, right?  This place I'm staying was built by a guy who lived here two months out of the year.  That place down there is probably the same, two months a year.  Sad to say, I think it's unlikely that 50 years from now, anyone but the extraordinarily fortunate, the extraordinarily connected and the extraordinarily rich will be able to even look at a vista like this.  That is my personal theory. Look, here I am, fully aware of the irony of the situation.  It's like the whole preservation thing.  Who preserve for who?  Save the reef for who?  Save the beach for whom?  Not you, probably. Later that evening, Blackwell invited me to his private bar, just down the cliff from Flemming's old villa. There are very few pieces of land anywhere on earth like this, especially with this kind of legendary status. CHRIS BLACKWELL, FOUNDER, ISLAND RECORDS:  Legendary status, yes, it's Flemming's, Bond's birthplace. BOURDAIN:  Chris Blackwell is the founder of Island Records.  He is credited with discovering Bob Marley and spreading the gospel of reggae into the mainstream all across the world. To the extent that one person could sort of be responsible for the soundtrack of your life, you are responsible for much of the soundtrack of my life.  You signed Roxy music and Bryan Eno, both. Yes? BLACKWELL:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  Did you have any idea signing Bob Marley the extent to which his image, alone, would blow up to, you know, Che Guevara level? BLACKWELL:  Bob somehow managed to catch people in every corner of the world, different cultures, different societies. [21:40:04] No, I never could have imagined.  I don't think anybody could have imagined it.  It's so unbelievable. BOURDAIN:  Having sold Island Records for a sum rumored to be in the hundreds of millions of dollars, Blackwell spends his time, well, doing whatever he wants.  You have a number of hotel properties, rum business.  What's the master plan?  Or you're just having fun? BLACKWELL:  Well, always is to have fun is part of the master plan. You only live around at one time, so I'm very excited about here, what I'm doing here.  I'm trying to break a little resort time, that's something that's focused into the town, focused into the parish, focused into the country. BOURDAIN:  Lately, the project at hand is the Oracabessa Fish Sanctuary set up to protect the local fish habitat and breeding grounds.  A noble cause but one that has put Blackwell squarely at odds with some of his neighbors.  It seems to me that most people who come to Jamaica pretty much stay within the compound of, you know, sandals or whatever, and don't really get out there much. BLACKWELL:  It's a business model and that business model works well for people.  The market that I'm going for are the ones on the high level in terms of a high cost level. BOURDAIN:  Is it in inevitability that basically all of the Caribbean's that it's essentially going to end up as a service economy? BLACKWELL:  Yes, I think -- yes I think mainly so and then it's based on tourism, it's based on people's -- it's tough balance. BOURDAIN:  The engine that's going to preserve or save is often dependent on who's coming to look and what they're willing to pay to come and look.  Can there be a balance do you think, I mean can a place this beautiful be unspoiled, forever? BLACKWELL:  I think there could be a couple hundred places like this in Jamaica.  As long as there are people who can go and spend some money in communities, go to a little restaurant, go to a little bar, go to, you know, a shop, that's essential for Jamaica to really thrive. BOURDAIN:  If life were a Bond film, who would you be in a Bond film? BLACKWELL:  Well, there's only one hero in a Bond film that's ... BOURDAIN:  Oh, you be the hero? BLACKWELL:  I have to be, yeah.  I have to figure out about this. BOURDAIN:  I don't know who'd rather be villain.  I'd be like number 17. BLACKWELL:  You know is unhappy ending. BOURDAIN:  Yes. BLACKWELL:  And the end is quite short, yeah. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [21:47:08] BOURDAIN:  What we're all looking for, isn't it?  The perfect beach?  Remote, uncluttered by douchery, cold local beer.  The perfect end to a long and well, bumpy road.  Winifred's Beach is that beach, mostly locals a few clued-in visitors, white sand, clear, warm water, and of course local food. CYNTHIA:  This is ackee, Jamaica favorite dish.  Typical in Jamaica we use it as a breakfast. BOURDAIN:  Cynthia and Dennis run this place and come highly recommended.  I'm told this is the spot for the classic "got to have it or you ain't really been to Jamaica," ackee and salt fish.  Salt cod, redehydrated and cooked with ackee, a local fruit that happens to be toxic if you don't handle it right.  Now they say best ackee and salt fish. CYNTHIA:  In Jamaica. BOURDAIN:  Anywhere.  And yeah, also some banana. CYNTHIA:  Delicious? BOURDAIN:  That is delicious. CYNTHIA:  Yeah. BOURDAIN:  Cynthia's friends, Joy and Marjory also have little restaurants or food stalls on the beach and they tell me that here too, it's in danger of redevelopment, that all these might disappear into ever turning wheel of well ... UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Winnifred Beach is a public beach.  It has been one of the best beach in Jamaica.  The beach was left to give the poor people of Jamaica. BOURDAIN:  So the government takes it over supposedly to make it a public space.  But they want to sell it to a -- what a hotel group? UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Yeah, they want to make like a resort. BOURDAIN:  There are a lot of islands in the Caribbean where you're not allowed to own a beach, meaning all beaches are public, even if it's a really exclusive hotel at least theoretically, anybody can go. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Right. BOURDAIN:  Here it's different.  Here if you could by a house and the beach.  You can -- if you're a hotel, you can make it a private beach, meaning they don't let the locals on or vendors or any. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Right. BOURDAIN:  They can keep people out. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Right. BOURDAIN:  So how many public-accessed beaches are there in this area? UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Just one. BOURDAIN:  Just one. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  This one, this one no more. BOURDAIN:  And that's it. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  No more. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  I think... UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  No more beach. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  ... we have other beaches around.  You know, we have like Blue Lagoon which is a private beach (inaudible) private and San San is private, so this is the only public one, you know. [21:49:59] BOURDAIN:  Yeah, what happens if I mean, that would be sort of ridiculous if Jamaicans can't go to the beach in Jamaica? UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Exactly. BOURDAIN:  There are two sides to every story of course, and the government for its part, claims locals will still have access to their beach. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  We don't trust them.  So we do not believe what they say. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  What they want to do.  They wanted (inaudible) and like five, six, seven years, they don't do anything on it until (inaudible). BOURDAIN:  Right. What kind of monstrous human being or organization would displace... UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  ... the people from their own beach? UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  From our freedom. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  If they take this away from us... UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Thank you very much. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  ...  we would likely are in prison. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Yeah. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Yeah. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Because when time is hot, we would have nowhere to come and swim. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  So we, the people, we are in court with the government because we do not want them to take away the one and only beach that we have in Jamaica, Portland. BOURDAIN:  What do you think your chances are?  Do you think your chances are good? UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  You're going to win? UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Yes.  I've been fighting over seven years. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  We trust in the Lord. BOURDAIN:  Seven years? UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  In seven years.  And I said I'm going to fight until I reach the top.  When I reach the top and I lose, I feel much better.  But I'm not giving up. BOURDAIN:  Let's face it.  There are only so many beaches in this world, even fewer unspoiled beaches.  And even fewer beaches like this. I mean, that's one of the things that's nice about this area, is it's not a big resort area like some of the other parts. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Right. BOURDAIN:  And the food is amazing. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Right. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Delicious. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Nice food here. BOURDAIN:  You can't get this at the hotel. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  That is not like this. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  That is so fresh. BOURDAIN:  Right.  Really, really, really taste, I mean I -- I'm going to have to come back here like tomorrow. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  OK. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Whenever people come here and they have problem, they go to the sea and they look over there in the ocean, and when they are finished, they never have a problem again.  Just go right in the water and down.  We got (inaudible) here.  And I hope that the world can see what is going on at Winnifred Beach. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Right. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  And that they come out and enjoy the beauty of the beach, the nature of the beach, the people and the love of the beach. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Right. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [21:56:18] BOURDAIN:  Next day, and I know where I'm going.  Because you never know, because it may not be here that much longer, not like this anyway.  Sun, sand, rum and ting, and some more food. Oh, yeah. Hi.  Wow.  What a spread.  I'm not going hungry today, beautiful. Thank you.  I'm so excited. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Thank you. BOURDAIN:  That is actually quite delicious.  You're not missing out on starches.  I mean, you get yam, plantain, breadfruit, rice, peas, corn, carrots, dumpling, festival. Like the man said, eat dessert first, life is uncertain. That's good.  I knew I was coming back here.  And it was a smart move to come back here.  This place is (inaudible). Point being the way world turns, the inevitable grind of history seems to indicate that places like this and people like this, get plowed under, pushed aside, paved over. Who owns paradise after all?  Who in the end gets to own paradise, use paradise or even visit it?  That's a question that's probably worth paying attention to, before there's none left at all. How do you do this and be a good person?  I don't think you can.  Like if you wanted to do this regularly for the rest of your life, I would like to spend three months out of the year in a hammock looking out at the Caribbean in a secluded beach like this.  You'll have to do bad things to do this, right? James Bond doesn't get this.  James Bond's a hustler.  He gets this for a couple of days before he moves on to the next location.  The guy who lives here is the Bond villain, not James Bond. Ian Fleming was much closer to like Blofeld or Hugo Drax.  You know, these guys have lots of leisure time sitting around in hammocks, figuring out how to take over the world.  Lot of downtime in the world domination.  Bond was a working class.  It's what I've been missing. All right, go like summon the robot piranhas.  Where's my cocktail? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  When I was a kid, my grandparents teach that there are some people who live been in Madagascar before.  They were very little people and they live in forests and they respect their environment.  But then comes many people from other countries, from Africa, from Asia, from Spain, from France.  Many of us don't know the history. DARREN ARONOFSKY, FILM DIRECTOR:  (FOREIGN LANGUAGE).  Market. ANTHONY BOURDAIN, CNN HOST:  Over the years, I've let a lot of extraordinary landscapes recede into a blur outside my windows.  I've looked, maybe seen, maybe noticed, then gone. We all carry different experiences inside us.  We see things differently, don't we? Madagascar, exotic unspoiled paradise or microcosm for the end of times. Antananarivo, Tana for short, Madagascar's crowded chaotic capital city. ARONOFSKY:  How are you doing, man? BOURDAIN:  Base camp. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Wow.  That's quite a rain. ARONOFSKY:  I don't know.  I'm not sure if I can be in front of the camera. BOURDAIN:  Just ignore them. ARONOFSKY:  I'm so used to controlling everything. BOURDAIN:  Darren Aronofsky, director of the film's "Pi," "Requiem for a Dream," "The Wrestler," "Black Swan," and as it would turn out, sort of appropriate to our location, "Noah." He asked me if he could go along on a trip with us.  I said, where do you want to go.   So, Madagascar.  I knew almost nothing about it.  I knew it was an animated film that I've seen a lot of times in my car. ARONOFSKY:  I guess it's one of the more extreme distant places that you hear about but you know you'll never go to unless something really weird summons you.  And you're sort of that weird force. [21:05:06] BOURDAIN:  We're on an island in the Indian Ocean. ARONOFSKY:  Right BOURDAIN:  With this amazing ethnic mix, incredible landscape. Something like 80 percent of the animals here don't exist anywhere else. ARONOFSKY:  What does it mean when an ecosystem goes out of balance? What is the blowback?  Here, you can see the blowback, you know, people have been cutting down the forest now suddenly you don't have soil anymore and you can't grow anything anymore.  It's a real situation. There we go. BOURDAIN:  There we go. An important question.  You are a vegetarian. ARONOFSKY:  Yes.  And it just sort of happened with the release of "Noah."  In scripture, he is a vegetarian as was Adam and Eve.  Humans weren't given permission to eat the animals until after the flood. BOURDAIN:  We'll see who is doing better after the end of days. A little social experiment here. Madagascar was settled, best we can tell, around 700 A.D. by people from what is know Indonesia, later by Africans.  In 1895, the French took it, killed off a substantial number of people in the process, and as they do, left behind beautiful buildings and the French language. When independence came in 1960, it was sudden and ill prepared for. Continuing political incompetence has left most of Madagascar's 22 million people living on less than $2 a day. Do you know this place?  Do eat here? ROSSI:  Yes.  Wednesday, Saturday, before going out, before going tonight club. BOURDAIN:  First meal in country and I suggested this place.  I thought it would be perfect to Aaron being a vegetarian and all. This is what you call being passive-aggressive, I think. So what's good here?  (FOREIGN LANGUAGE) ROSSI:  Pork. BOURDAIN:  Pork, my favorite vegetable. ROSSI:  Just the head of the pork. BOURDAIN:  It sounds good.   ROSSI:  Yeah. ARONOFSKY:  I'm not going to have it.  I'm going to go just with vegetables. ROSSI:  Oh.  Oh.  You don't want to taste it? ARONOFSKY:  I'm not going to taste pig head, not today. ROSSI:  Always take it with beans. BOURDAIN:  Rossi, a famous musician here, is out of a period out of favor with the previous government back home and elected to parliament. ROSSI:  And this is I think (inaudible). UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  The leaves are from... ARONOFSKY:  Here we go. That's excellent. BOURDAIN:  So these days, what are the big issues that are not being taken care of? ROSSI:  Poverty and not enough education. We are very rich.  We have oil -- but our political leaders most of the time are crook. ARONOFSKY:  How much does the environmental issues matter to the people or is it just about survival? ROSSI:  They don't care.  The international community, they paid a lot of money to protect the forest.  You protect the monkey.  You don't protect the people.  I eat the monkey.  If I'm hungry, I eat them. They don't care about the world is going more and more warm. ARONOFSKY:  Yes climate change. ROSSI:  OK.  You are going to die, yes?  OK.  You're going to die. That's life.  For them, just normal. BOURDAIN:  A lot of people feel that the future should be ecotourism. ROSSI:  Yeah. BOURDAIN:  People should essentially be working in hotels and restaurants for tourists. ROSSI:  Yeah. BOURDAIN:  That's kind of a return to colonialism, isn't it?  ROSSI:  Exactly.  Exactly. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [21:10:00] MARIETTE ANDRIANJAKA, MALAGASY CHEF:  Tell me what you think of this. BOURDAIN:  I'm looking forward to this.  It's a very famous dish, goose. ANDRIANJAKA:  Goose and the language is the shredded meat. BOURDAIN:  Very cool.   There's always someplace where the flame is kept burning, history kept alive, however faintly. ANDRIANJAKA:  This is the stuffing. BOURDAIN:  These days in Madagascar's capital city, it's left to Mariette. ANDRIANJAKA:  The epitome of the cooking is the way Mariette cooks it. BOURDAIN:  During the colonial period, Mariette was a frequent culinary ambassador. ANDRIANJAKA:  Harry Bellefonte.   BOURDAIN:  The go-to chef for visiting presidents and royalty. (FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN:  The success story, her mansion high atop Oatville, the former neighborhood of choice for aristocrats and colonizers alike. Though semi-retired, Mariette continues to entertain guests from time to time. [21:15:03] ANDRIANJAKA:  So this is broth with chicken and ginger. BOURDAIN:  These dishes marry mostly disappeared Malagasy royal cuisine with the techniques and training of the classical French. So moisten the rice with a broth? ANDRIANJAKA:  Exactly, with the broth. BOURDAIN:  Wow, look at this. ANDRIANJAKA:  This is the vegetable lasa (ph), lasa (ph) is one the side dishes.  It's like a salad. ARONOFSKY:  Cauliflower and carrots: ANDRIANJAKA:  String beans. Most Malagasy don't eat meat at every meal because it's expensive. Most would eat rice, broth with vegetables and that's it. ARONOFSKY:  I can do fine here. ANDRIANJAKA:  Yes, you would do fine here.  Yeah, absolutely. BOURDAIN:  This is a country that is very rich in natural resources. ANDRIANJAKA:  Madagascar, we have a lot of things that a lot of people want.  For example, the trafficking of rosewood, prospecting for oil, for gas, and then don't leave anything for the rest of the country. But this is an island paradise. ARONOFSKY:  And it is disappearing very, very quickly. ANDRIANJAKA:  A lot of our forests are being burned down because people don't have land for which to grow their crops. BOURDAIN:  The best case scenario that everybody seems to raise is ecotourism will save the day.  The local people will be what? ANDRIANJAKA:  Working for wages, yes. BOURDAIN:  Cleaning rooms, cooking, and performing traditional ethnic dances. ANDRIANJAKA:  Yeah, absolutely. BOURDAIN:  To me, this is not an ideal option.  And we see it... ARONOFSKY:  What's an ideal option, though? BOURDAIN:  Heading south from Tana, it's a very different country out there, where rice is the difference between life and death. Between the traditional slash-and-burn agriculture that's existed here since this island was first settled and the imperative of charcoal as heat source, 90 percent of the forests and jungles that covered Madagascar are gone. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Anything?  DR. PATRICIA WRIGHT, PRIMATOLOGIST:  Not yet.  They're very elusive. They're very difficult to see.   BOURDAIN:  Thanks largely to the work of Dr. Patricia Wright, over 4,000 hectors of forest have been set aside and protected with the creation of Ranomafana National Park. Her recently completed research station is a state-of-the-art complex that reminds one of that cynical Spielberg franchise -- what was it -- Jurassic Merch (ph)? WRIGHT:  Here he is.  He's right next to me.  Can you see him? ARONOFSKY:  Here. BOURDAIN:  Oh, wow. WRIGHT:  Really right next to me. Hello. BOURDAIN:  The area provides essential habitat for the golden bamboo lemur, a species Dr.  Wright discovered here in 1986, and the greater bamboo lemur, previously thought extinct. WRIGHT:  There's only 500 of these in the world in the whole wild. BOURDAIN:  Wow.  Really?  What's the biggest pressure on the population? WRIGHT:  Slash-and-burn agriculture.  No question. (CROSSTALK) WRIGHT:  There he is.  Look at it.  Beautiful.  It's so nice.   Oh. ARONOFSKY:  Whoa. He's pissing. He's taking a leak right now. BOURDAIN:  Hopefully, that's not an editorial statement. ARONOFSKY:  Yeah. WRIGHT:  Yeah. Look.  This is the kind of bamboo shoots that the lemurs love.  It's full of protein and it's full of cyanide. BOURDAIN:  The cyanide not a problem for them?  WRIGHT:  They can tolerate all kinds of cyanide.  The cyanide comes straight through when they poop. ARONOFSKY:  Do they know how they get it through their system?  [21:20:00] WRIGHT:  We're working on that.   ARONOFSKY:  OK. What is the dew on the outside of it?  Just dew?  WRIGHT:  Careful. ARONOFSKY:  Oh, don't touch. WRIGHT:  How is your finger feeling?  ARONOFSKY:  It felt a little sharp, but like a fuzzy sharp. WRIGHT:  Yeah, fuzzy surface, you just wait a bit. BOURDAIN:  Yes, like fiberglass. ARONOFSKY:  Are you serious? WRIGHT:  Yes, it's just like fiberglass actually. BOURDAIN:  It'll leave tiny, tiny little sharp... ARONOFSKY:  If I lick my finger, am I going to die?  WRIGHT:  Probably. ARONOFSKY:  Are you serious?  Can it go through the skin now that I've touched it?  WRIGHT:  No.  You have to eat it. ARONOFSKY:  OK. BOURDAIN:  Hopes for "Black Swan 2, The Revenge" were dashed today when... ARONOFSKY:  Wow.  One right above you. BOURDAIN:  Has the film "Madagascar" been good for the lemur business?  WRIGHT:  I think the cartoon really woke up the world to the fact hat there was a place called Madagascar, although many of people don't think it really exists. ARONOFSKY:  So what do you think happens?  How hard is it to maintain the forests? WRIGHT:  It's incredibly hard.  You know, we've been working with the villagers around the park and I think they really do understand the value of these extraordinary lemurs and the value of the forests.  And the economic value of tourism is tremendous for this country. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [21:25:00] BOURDAIN:  The boundaries of Ranomafana Park protect what they can of Madagascar's rapidly diminishing rain forest, but it's not all about lemurs and rare species of unspoiled beautiful places. WRIGHT:  These are the Tenalla people.  These are the people of the forest.  This is the fifth time they've had to change their location of the village because they just slash-and-burn agriculture. WRIGHT:  This ceremony today is a ceremony to celebrate the fact that 17 people from the village (inaudible) are going to donate their land to conservation.  It won't be cut down. BOURDAIN:  Before the Tenalla land can officially become a part of the park, the gods, the ancestors, somebody must be appeased. BOURDAIN:  And that, as it often does, means that something must die. Do you see this a lot? WRIGHT:  I usually don't when this is happening. ARONOFSKY:  Wow. BOURDAIN:  For someone with as dark a world view, judging from his films anyway, as the newly vegetarian, Mr.  Aronofsky, he seems unusually uncomfortable with the bleeding realities of local custom. ARONOFSKY:  Do you see them? BOURDAIN:  Preferring instead to "trip the light fantastic" in the rain forest idle. (FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN:  How do you make this argument, when you're in duress, to protect an area, a forest, when the forest means fuel, food? WRIGHT:  What we've had to do, of course, is make their lives better in exchange.  Health projects, education projects, tourism.  Many of the people work as tour guides.  They work in the hotels.  They have work.  They didn't have any work when I got here.  But also the benefits of researchers.  We hire 85 people full-time.  I asked the director of the Ranomafana National Park, where's your village that you lived in when you were a little girl?  That's on one side of the park. (FOREIGN LANGUAGE)  BOURDAIN:  The ancestors presumably OK with the land transfer, it's time to party. BOURDAIN:  Dr. Wright worked hard to establish Ranomafana Park with the stated aim of protecting the absolutely unique flora and fauna here and reducing human pressures on the area. BOURDAIN:  This, however, is the face of human pressure, just so we're clear. [21:30:05] ARONOFSKY:  Hey, take care, guys. (OFF-MIKE) ARONOFSKY:  We're right on the edge of the park. BOURDAIN:  Wow. ARONOFSKY:  And right on the edge, literally, is where they built the power lines and where they're slashing and burning.  We were trying for landscapes like this in "Noah." BOURDAIN:  Sort of a post-apocalyptic wasteland thing going on, right? ARONOFSKY:  The road. BOURDAIN:  Look, all the original fauna and flora in New York City and Chicago and Detroit and Los Angeles are gone.  We don't feel too guilty about that. ARONOFSKY:  That's the argument of all these developing countries is you did it.  But, didn't they teach us in the third grade that two wrongs don't make it right? (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [21:35:00] ARONOFSKY:  What were they welding on? BOURDAIN:  Oil pan.   (FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN:  Most of Madagascar's French-built rail network has crumbled into nothingness, but this train still runs. (CROSSTALK) ARONOFSKY:  Look how it's painted.  Look what's painted. BOURDAIN:  It's first class. ARONOFSKY:  Yeah, yeah. BOURDAIN:  We ride in style. BOURDAIN:  How old is this train? BOURDAIN:  Wow, it works. ARONOFSKY:  Oil pan worked. BOURDAIN:  I hope that's not a pitying look I see on some of their faces.  They're all looking at us like. (FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN:  It's 162 kilometers to the one-time major port town of Manakara. It's both the greatest thing ever, meaning a fantastically scenic immersion into parts of Madagascar that most visitors never get to see, and then, at times, punishing crawl. For the majority of the 17 station stops along the line, this train provides the only connection to the outside world.  People hop off and on, load and unload fruit, lychees, bananas.  While a few foreigners on board watch. ARONOFSKY:  Can we get some peanuts?  Thank you. BOURDAIN:  And there are vendors selling food and drink, which is increasingly a necessity since as the supposed eight-hour trip is said to sometimes approach 18. ARONOFSKY:  All right.  So we got a shaker.  We got an umbrella, champagne. You let the train pour for you.   BOURDAIN:  Right.   ARONOFSKY:  This is the lychee. BOURDAIN:  That smells good. ARONOFSKY:  Yeah. BOURDAIN:  Darren woke early and hit the hotel kitchen to make the necessary fresh lychee puree for festive cocktails. ARONOFSKY:  Wait, wait, wait. BOURDAIN:  Oh, yes.  It's not bad.  It's not bad at all. ARONOFSKY:  OK.  It's a nice summery drink. BOURDAIN:  The lychee makes it. ARONOFSKY:  The lychee makes it, yes. BOURDAIN:  What do we call this?  The golden lemur would be good. ARONOFSKY:  The golden lemur. BOURDAIN:  Flashes of everyday life, the struggle to live, to eat, viewed from a moving train, then gone. ARONOFSKY:  (Inaudible) different areas of Madagascar burning everywhere you can see. BOURDAIN:  After seven hours or so... ARONOFSKY:  We're coming into a town. BOURDAIN:  ... the imperatives of food, any food, become ever more urgent. This is it.  This is the stop.  I am starving. ARONOFSKY:  I am so with you. Look, this kid is wearing a banana like a yamaka. [21:40:00] BOURDAIN:  The wonderland of fresh papaya salads along with tasty train station treats we were told would be here, well, it is somewhat suboptimal. ARONOFSKY:  Little did I know there would be a feeding frenzy. There's no papaya salad.  Everything's gone.  All right, here are some bananas. BOURDAIN:  Yeah, a few of those. ARONOFSKY:  A few of those.  Merci. BOURDAIN:  We get what we can. That was quite a scene. ARONOFSKY:  Yes, pretty insane. BOURDAIN:  It's hard to complain about the lack of food options when you look around.   ARONOFSKY:  Lots of kids. Want some?  ARONOFSKY:  Yeah, it's hard. BOURDAIN:  This is nice. ARONOFSKY:  This is the way to travel.  Until like a palm leaf comes flying at you.  Watch it, watch it, watch it. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [21:45:00] BOURDAIN:  This is what it's like to wake up at the end of the world. Beyond here, to the east, nothing but thousands of miles of Indian Ocean. Morning, and fishermen return with their catch. Have you felt how wobbly that boat was coming over? ARONOFSKY:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  Imagine going out in a serious chop with that thing and fishing. Manakara was a major port back in the days, a transportation hub, but now, it's a sleepy beach town. BOURDAIN:  That's a disturbingly large spider.  I would be unhappy if I saw that coming across my pillow.   Ah. Dude, it's a chicken. ARONOFSKY:  I know. BOURDAIN:  A rooster. ARONOFSKY:  You're talking about spiders and chickens. That lobster is smelling good. ARONOFSKY:  No, they're disgusting.  They're like giant insects walking.  And what do they eat?  What do they eat?  BOURDAIN:  Corpses. ARONOFSKY:  Corpses. BOURDAIN:  Dead things. ARONOFSKY:  Right. BOURDAIN:  You are such a Debbie Downer. You're such a downer. ARONOFSKY:  You were born here.  And your parents are from here. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  He's a fisherman. ARONOFSKY:  How far out do they go out?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  About 50 miles, sometimes... BOURDAIN:  He goes out 50 miles in a little canoe?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.  Every day, every day. BOURDAIN:  Awesome. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  This is typical dish.  Green leaves, egg plants, some spices then the zebu meat. BOURDAIN:  It should be pointed out we bought a lot of food.  This sort of spread is not an everyday meal in these parts. There's your veggie platter.  There you go, man. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Now we have a piece of a shark. (FOREIGN LANGUAGE) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  He says that before 2000 more fishes but since then... BOURDAIN:  Smaller fish? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Smaller fish and the quantity as well, smaller. BOURDAIN:  There you go. ARONOFSKY:  That's a papaya salad.  Oh, thank you. BOURDAIN:  It's one of those days where the artifice of making television threatens to move dangerously into cruelty. What are you guys eating over here?  Who gets to eat and when becomes a pressing concern to the two of us? ARONOFSKY:  Can we get the kids eating?  Can we hand out the food? [21:50:00] UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  In a local culture like this, first ladies serve the men. BOURDAIN:  Right. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  And then we eat, then the kids eat later. BOURDAIN:  Right.  I got you. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It's like a caste system. BOURDAIN:  It's not like our system but it's a system. The kids are getting ready for theirs over there. And it becomes clear that, yes, everybody will eat. There we go. Come to daddy. That's good, dude.  You picked a bad time to become a vegetarian.  You really did.  Not bad. The food is amazing.  There's some really good cooks at work here today.  And really amazing. And then the music starts and the dancing. And as so often happens, the not so spontaneous made-for-TV party becomes a real party. And we all, for a little while anyway, forget about where we came from and where we might be tomorrow. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [21:55:00] UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Hallelujah.  Praise the lord. (FOREIGN LANGUAGE) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  You are blessed today. CHILDREN:  Amen. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Hallelujah. CHILDREN:  Hallelujah. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  The book of Revelations say that whatever we do God can see and he take not. (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) I will destroy the city because all of the people are sinners.  Amen. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Amen. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Hallelujah. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Hallelujah. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Hallelujah.  Hallelujah.  Hallelujah. BOURDAIN:  The camera is a liar.  It shows everything.  It shows nothing.  It reveals only what we want.  Often, what we see is seen only from a window, moving past and then gone.  One window.  My window.  If you'd been here, chances are you would have seen things differently. ARONOFSKY:  Whoa. BOURDAIN:  You've lived it now.  Looking back, if you were editing this show, how would you tell this story?  ARONOFSKY:  Oh. BOURDAIN:  This is it.  This is the food stop.  I'm starving. ARONOFSKY:  I am so with you. BOURDAIN:  That is quite a scene. ARONOFSKY:  Lots of kids. (CROSSTALK) ARONOFSKY:  Want that? ARONOFSKY:  You always want a simple answer to everything and make it all make sense, and it seems to -- I don't know, it's just constantly surprising. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  What can you see everywhere you go?  In the office?  In the market?  People are sinning, making sin. ARONOFSKY:  As a kid, I always wondered if I was good enough to get on the ark, so I always sort of empathize with the people who didn't make it. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  God, make out of the animals, come inside the big ship, and all of the people begged, but what families are saved?  Here is our ship. ARONOFSKY:  God decides to destroy creation 10 generations after he created everything, so it must have hurt tremendously. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  God will choose us like he chose Noah.  He brought the ark.  He will send us, too.  Alleluia. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Alleluia. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Pray for Madagascar.  Pray for yourself.  Pray for your family.  Pray. God will save Madagascar. [22:00:00] ANTHONY BOURDAIN, HOST (voice-over):  Mexico is a country where every day, people fight to live.  All too often, they lose that battle. A magnificent, heartbreakingly beautiful country.  The music and food, and a uniquely Mexican, darkly funny, deeply-felt world view. Right down there, cuddled up in ethos, our brother from another mother. (MUSIC) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  "Holy mother of Santa Muerte, please protect my stash of cocaine.  Let it not be interfered with by the cops, or the competition.  Let any who would mess with me be killed.  My enemies destroyed.  Please forgive us our sins, for they are many."   (on camera):  So is business good?  I mean, is there more murders particularly narco murders?  VALENTE ROJAS, PHOTOGRAPHER: (speaking in a foreign language) GRAPHIC:  They're going up.  People decide to sell drugs because it's the quickest way to make money.  So the increase in murders is related to this. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Every day, Mexico wakes up to count the dead. They are, after all, left out to be seen.  Often with a helpful note, identifying who done what and, generally speaking, why.  There is a language to the never-ending violence, a coded message in the twists and marks of the bodies. And Valente Rojas is one of many documenting them for the press.  This is what he does every night, rides around waiting for a phone call or a radio message telling him that there's another one. (on camera):  So who's buying drugs?  Who's selling drugs to who?  ROJAS:  (speaking in a foreign language) GRAPHIC:  Before, they brought a large number of drugs to sell in the U.S., but now domestic consumption is an important part of the drug trade.  The difference between the U.S. and here is it's better here, because in the States, crazy people kill each other for no reason. BOURDAIN:  Here, you kill each other for a reason.  It's business?  ROJAS:  Si. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  More Mexican civilians have been killed since 2006 than all the American military lost in ten years of the Vietnam War and eight years of wars in Iraq. (on camera):  What do you do if you're one of these cops?  You're driving around one night.  You see some guy outside of a bar beating somebody or disturbing the peace.  You start to arrest him, and he's got a diamond studded pistol.  It's got his name on it.  Now you realize you've just arrested somebody with serious, powerful connections.  What do you do?  ROJAS:  (speaking a foreign language)  BOURDAIN:  You let him go?  ROJAS:  Si. BOURDAIN:  Why do they always pull their pants down?  Our local fixer, Alex, is here to translate. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  In this case, he thinks that they pull the pants down so -- checking for weapons. BOURDAIN:  They are loading them into the sheet. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  This is the CSI team.  So when they were pulling his pants off, money and jewelry started falling from the pockets. Basically, they took the money out of his pockets, and that was the only available spot. BOURDAIN:  To show that they didn't take anything. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes, exactly.  So this was also a drug dealer. The thing here in Mexico is, as soon as someone's killed, normally they get candles just right next to them.  Sometimes it's related to drug dealings and criminals. BOURDAIN:  How long have you been doing this?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  About nine years. BOURDAIN:  How many bodies do you think?  Hundreds?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Si. BOURDAIN:  How do you push them out of your mind when you're not working?  BOURDAIN:  A lot of people ask him about this.  But he said like it's a job, not like any other kind of job, but as soon as he gets home, he just takes this cover off and just keep living. BOURDAIN:  That's a terrible picture.  It's sad.  What happened here?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It was an elephant called Kilba (ph).  She run away from a circus so she basically was crossing the highway and was just run over. BOURDAIN:  The world we live in now, of all of these pictures, this is the one that would get people most upset.  You'd get the most mail, the most "Oh, my God," you know, "what kind of a world do we live in?"  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  This was probably the most run picture from different media around the world. BOURDAIN:  Eighty thousand Mexicans have died in the last seven years in narco violence. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  And this is the most important picture. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  As our crew gets ready to crawl back to our hotel, Valente gets the call we thought we'd been waiting for.  One dead male, shot in head.  A note pinned to his chest. In Mexico, people fight to live every day.  One man stands alone, facing another man.  His intent, to beat his opponent with his fists until he can resist no more.  A match, yes, but more accurately, a fight. Jorge La Tierra (ph) is a former bantamweight title holder.  With his father, Jorge Senior and his son Alexis, he trains aspiring fighters in this gym in the Santa Anita neighborhood of Mexico City.  He knows that these young men, like generations of boxers everywhere from other neighborhoods like this, are looking for a way out. JORGE LA TIERRA (PH), FORMER BANTAMWEIGHT TITLE HOLDER:  In Mexico, boxing is kind of -- save their life (ph), you know what I mean? Boxing give them, like, a little discipline. BOURDAIN (on camera):  Say you're good, but you're not that good.  Can you make a living just being a contender?  LA TIERRA (PH):  No, but a lot of fighters, they try to make it.  Tons of boxers.  They want to be a champion. BOURDAIN:  Everybody wants to be a champion. LA TIERRA (PH):  Everybody.  Everybody wants the big shot.  But you know, it's just one. BOURDAIN:  Those are bad odds.  The history of boxing is not kind.  I mean, most managers and owners don't give a shit about the fighters. LA TIERRA (PH):  They don't. BOURDAIN:  They use them up, but at the end they leave a guy all broken down, no money and scrambled brains. LA TIERRA (PH):  Just like prostitutes, you know what I mean?  BOURDAIN:  In this area, what are your options, if you drop out of high school? LA TIERRA (PH):  Nothing.  It's just like being on the street,  snatching, you know, robbing.  Like kids in the hood, they go, hey, kidnap that guy. BOURDAIN:  Big industry. LA TIERRA (PH):  Everybody here now wants to be a soccer player. BOURDAIN:  Why boxing?  LA TIERRA (PH):  Because they make money. BOURDAIN:  Who's got a longer career, a narco or a boxer?  LA TIERRA (PH):  I don't know.  Might be 50/50.  I mean, narco, you can last longer. BOURDAIN:  You can? LA TIERRA (PH):  You're protected by the police.  You just pay it off, nobody's going to touch you. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Expensive protein shakes and dietary supplements?  Not so much.  Boxers here eat what they can afford. LA TIERRA (PH):  The food is good and it's cheap.  You know, in Mexico, there's no middle class here. BOURDAIN (on camera):  You're either poor or you're really, really rich. LA TIERRA (PH):  I mean, it's a crazy thing.  The minimum wage here is like 50, 60 pesos, which is like five bucks.  Not an hour, a day. BOURDAIN:  But on the other hand, that's why Mexican fighters are so exciting.  They're hungry. LA TIERRA (PH):  Exactly.  We're hungry.  (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Tepito is a city within its city.  Its own thing.  Either the dark center or the beating heart of Mexico City, depending on your point of view. It's the home of Santa Muerte, the skeletal St. Death.  This is where they come: the impoverished, the oppressed, the marginalized, the criminal.  People for whom the traditional church has less relevancy. For the unforgiven and the unforgiveable.  For those on whom the catholic saints have turned their backs, there is Santa Muerte. This is a place and Santa Muerte is a saint that accepts everybody. "Death to my enemies" written on a votive candle.  Let's face it, we've all prayed for that at one point or another. Tepito is a poor neighborhood, for sure, and a tough one.  A center of commerce, both above-board and not. Perhaps a breakfast beverage first.  A michelada.  One giant beer with lemon, chili powder, salt and magi sauce. (on camera):  That's a sizeable morning beverage. (voice-over):  My companion, blogger and chronicler of the city, Jorge Pedro. (on camera):  Wow.  A whole season of "The Walking Dead" for 25 cents. (voice-over):  You want to buy something, Tepito's got it.  Looking for some cheap underwear, pirated copies of "Man v. Food," seasons one through five?  This is where you find them. (on camera):  So this all seems very wholesome.  I mean, you know, where can I buy a gun, some heroin and a prostitute?  I was looking forward to that. JORGE PEDRO, BLOGGER:  Let's say Tepito has many layers. BOURDAIN:  Right. PEDRO:  And we are in the surface. BOURDAIN:  OK. PEDRO:  We are among movies, clothing, families.  But I don't think it's as easy as to ask "Where can I get a gun?"  Probably, they will kill you if you ask that. You know Santa Lopez.  Santa Lopez, patron saint of hopeless cases. BOURDAIN:  Lost causes. PEDRO:  It's become very popular in the last years. BOURDAIN:  A lot of good smells here, man.  A lot of good-looking food. (voice-over):  My happy place is somewhere in here.  Oh, there it is. PEDRO:  Yes.  We are here amigas (ph). BOURDAIN (on camera):  Beautiful. (voice-over):  Wherever there's bones and guts simmering in broth, chances are I'll be happy. Writer, sociologist and life-long resident of Tepito, Alfonso (ph) Hernandez, apparently feels the same way. (on camera):  So is this supposed to be a bad neighborhood?  This is the best.  I love this neighborhood. ALFONSO (PH) HERNANDEZ, WRITER:  (speaking foreign language) PEDRO:  It is known as being the lost souls neighborhood.  It is called angeles (ph) neighborhood, like angels.  BOURDAIN:  Right. PEDRO:  In Tepito, there are no angels but lost souls. BOURDAIN:  What's the saying?   ALFONSO (PH) HERNANDEZ:  (speaking foreign language) PEDRO:  Showing your -- los huevos (ph) to the death.  BOURDAIN:  Show your balls to the devil or to... PEDRO:  To the death. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  On the menu, migas.  The base comes from boiling cracked hambones to release the marrow, to which garlic, onion, cascabel (ph) peppers and episote is added.  Thickened with stale bread and leftover tortillas.  (on camera):  You got nothing, you make something really awesome out of nothing. PEDRO:  The grandmothers had the creativity to take advantage of the bones of the pigs, and now it's a good dish. BOURDAIN:  Any great old culture where there's poverty, there's something like this.  By the way, if you're watching this after you do this, you've really got to wash your hands before you touch your -- OK?  That's a rookie mistake.  Don't go piss right after. PEDRO:  She's asking you if you like the migas.  Did you enjoy it? BOURDAIN:  Yes, it's good.  Delicious.  So this has been open 65 years?  PEDRO:  All the members of the crew are relatives. BOURDAIN:  Is there hope for social change in this country?  ALFONSO (PH) HERNANDEZ:  (speaking foreign language) PEDRO:  Unfortunately, Mexico has become the Tepito of the world. Tepito, this is still the synthesis (ph) of the Mexican. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Not a lot of upward mobility here.  The rich get richer; the poor get ground slowly under the wheel.  Eduardo Garcia has hacked his way up the ladder to become chef owner of the city's hottest restaurant. EDUARDO GARCIA, CHEF OWNER, RESTAURANT:  I grew up in the states.  I was a migrant worker picking fruits and vegetables as a kid.  My parents didn't earn a lot of money, so I decided to work rather than go to school. BOURDAIN:  The restaurant business, as I well know, ain't no picnic. And in Mexico City, it's particularly rough. GARCIA:  Mexico has a reputation where we all know that the country's run by corrupt politics.  You have to stand up for what you believe. If you don't, people will run you over.  You won't last a minute.  I don't let people bully me around. BOURDAIN:  Garcia runs Maximo Bistro with his wife, Gabriella.  Here's the kind of extra helping of crap you've got to deal with if you run the hottest restaurant in Mexico City. In 2013, the spoiled daughter of the head of Mexico's consumer protection agency walks in and demands a table when there's, unsurprisingly, no table available.  When Garcia says, "Sorry, no can do," she pulls a "You know who I am?" and then calls daddy and gets the health inspectors in to shut the place down. (on camera):  So your other customers basically started taking pictures of them with their cell phones?  GARCIA:  Next thing you know, we have the media outside and this is Friday. BOURDAIN:  Right. GARCIA:  Sunday morning, we're front page of one of the most important newspapers in Mexico. BOURDAIN:  Well, it was very embarrassing to the government. GARCIA:  And it should be. BOURDAIN:  Because they got caught doing what they do all the time, but if you were not the hottest restaurant in town, you were just running a cantina, you know, a few blocks away...  GARCIA:  I would have been... BOURDAIN:  They would have closed you down and that's that. (voice-over):  Right now, a defiant young creative generation of chefs like Eduardo are performing some of the most exciting new cooking anywhere on earth, a mixing of the very old and traditional with the very new. (on camera):  So you went to Le Bernardin. GARCIA:  As a kid, yes.  One of the jokes throughout the whole time that I worked is "How old are you?"   "I'm 18." "You've been 18 for three years."   Those are abalone from Baca (ph).  I told you I love butter.  I use it even for some Mexican dishes.  And then just roasted chilis serrano, just to give it a nice little kick for me. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  They/re finished with lemon and, of course, brown butter. (on camera):  Beautiful.  Mm.  Very delicious.  Very Mexican, very French.  Brown butter, awesome.  Makes everything better. GARCIA:  Of course.  I think the most important thing about Mexican cuisine, in general, if it's traditional, it's the ingredients. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Confit is suckling pig topped with grandma's salsa.  An instant classic. GARCIA:  Have at it.  You do it like the Mexican way.  Pick it up and go. BOURDAIN (on camera):  Wow.  Pretty hard to imagine anything better than that.  You're stuck with this dish forever, man. GARCIA:  Forever. BOURDAIN:  It's going to be like Mick Jagger, you know, 50 years from now singing "Satisfaction."  There's no getting away from it, man. This is so good.  This is a classic. (voice-over):  But even now with all his success, Garcia is still fighting a struggle most Mexicans are all too familiar with. GARCIA:  What happened that day happens every day.  And the promise always is we're going to shut you down.  you don't know who I am.  And for me, I'd rather close my restaurant than live like that.  If you close my restaurant, I will go across the street.  I will go to another state or I will go to another country, and I still will make a good restaurant. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Under former President Felipe Calderon, Mexico launched a concerted war on drugs.  Ostensibly against the notorious and seemingly untouchable cartels.  Absolutely no one can say with any credibility, by the way, that Mexico's war or our trillion-dollar war... RONALD REAGAN, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:  Just say no. BOURDAIN:  ... has had any effect in diminishing the flow of drugs into our country.  One very brave journalist has uncovered exactly how deep the rot of corruption and dirty money has penetrated into every level of Mexican institutions. ANABEL HERNANDEZ, JOURNALIST:  My grandmother is from Oaxaca, so how we used to drink the mescal is never with lemon.  It's with orange. BOURDAIN:  It is not what a lot of people wanted to hear, much less see published.  Today, Anabel Hernandez, author of the ground-breaking expose, "Los Senores Del Narco," lives under guard in a secret location.  The threat, very, very real and very explicit. (on camera):  Do you think there was ever a minute when the Calderon war on drugs, was it ever genuine?  ANABEL HERNANDEZ:  No.  Who really start the war against the drug cartels was Vicente Fox.  Felipe Calderon just followed that instruction, but he didn't really do anything new.  He just did it worse.  Since the beginning, the plan of the government was protect the Sinaloa cartel and fight against the enemies of the Sinaloa cartel. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Of the seven major Mexican cartels, the Sinaloa cartel is considered the most powerful, with the farthest- reaching and most pervasive tentacles extending deep into every corner of government, banking and private industry. Its rivals, the Tijuana cartel, the Gulf cartel, the Juarez cartel, the Beltran-Leyva, La Familia Michoacana, and the particularly murderous Los Zetas.  The cartels are responsible for importing roughly three quarters of all illegal narcotics to America. (on camera):  In your work, you've uncovered what had to be some very embarrassing and incriminating associations and connections between very high elected officials, the presidents and entire administrations, and acts of incredible criminality.  How did that change your life?  ANABEL HERNANDEZ:  Well, when I started to make this investigation in 2005, I really understand that it would be very dangerous.  I have to say that it wasn't really a surprise for me what happened after I published my book.  What I didn't expect is that the threats came from the federal government. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Anabel says that one of her sources warned her that the biggest threat was from within, that one of the most highly placed, most senior law enforcement officials in Mexico had ordered her killed. ANABEL HERNANDEZ:  Because in my book, I put his name and also showed some documents that proves that he was involved, he was on the payroll of the Sinaloa cartel. BOURDAIN:  What happened to this man?  ANABEL HERNANDEZ:  Right now, he's very happy drinking rum, I think, building many enterprises, fake enterprises, laundry his money. BOURDAIN:  To me, the weak link are the bankers.  A banker who launders money, he's got a family, he's got a reputation, he gives money to charity, his neighbors think he's great, his kids think he's wonderful, but he's got something to lose.  So I wouldn't be prosecuting drug dealers.  I would be prosecuting bankers. ANABEL HERNANDEZ:  The name of my book is "Los Senors del Narco," because los senors del narco are not only a chapugas (ph) man and the leaders of these cartels -- no.  Los senors del narco are also this, the politicians and bankers and the businessmen.  The people have to know who are these people name by name. BOURDAIN:  And you have been a journalist for how long?   ANABEL HERNANDEZ:  20.  20 years. BOURDAIN:  20 years.  Your father was killed, kidnapped and killed in 2000?   ANABEL HERNANDEZ:  My father was a businessman.  In that year, many gangs used to kidnap businessmen just for money.  So when we went to the police and asked them to investigate, they said, well, if you pay us, we will make the investigation.  So, as family, we decide to pay because you cannot buy the justice. Since that, I really tried to fight against corruption.  That's why I'm doing what I do, because I think that corruption is the worst problem in Mexico.  The drug cartels are maybe the worst face of that problem, but the problem in the deep is the corruption.  The corruption is the mother of all our problems in Mexico. BOURDAIN:  It should be pointed out that 88 journalists, how many journalists have been killed in this country?   ANABEL HERNANDEZ: 90 now. BOURDAIN: 90 journalists have now been killed or disappeared over the last few years. ANABEL HERNANDEZ:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  You can kill a journalist and get away with it.  Why are you still here?   ANABEL HERNANDEZ:  I have lost many things in my life.  My father was the most important person in my life.  I already lost everything.  I don't have any life anymore.  I don't have a social life.  I don't have a sentimental life.  I don't have anything.  I just have my work and my family. And my work of a journalist is everything for me.  I really believe that good journalists can change the world.  I have received many offers to go outside to France, to Sweden and other countries.  I don't want to leave.  It's my choice.  My choice is fight.  (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  I came to Oaxaca for mescal.  I like mescal more and more these days.  And this guy, Ron Cooper, finds and sells some of the best mescal in the world. We're at the Zapotec ruins of Monte Alban. RON COOPER:  In pre-conquest Mexico, there were gods and goddesses of intoxication and ecstasy.  The touch of a lover, the smell of a flower, the a-ha of an idea, all had gods and goddesses that took responsibility for those things. BOURDAIN (on camera):  All of your mescals come from different villages and only that village?   COOPER:  Yes.  And only one maker in that village.  We call ourself single village mescal because most mescals are made with a blend of different villages all put together.  No one goes home and has a cocktail in these Indian villages.  They wait until there's a special occasion. (MUSIC) COOPER:  Every birth, death, confirmation, baptism, there's a fiesta. A wedding is eight days.  You invite 200 people.  You feed them breakfast, lunch and dinner.  You have a band every day.  And then they really consume. Don't drink yet.  For Mother Earth and her ancestors.  And then you say (INAUDIBLE). BOURDAIN:  That's extraordinary.  Back in the day, it was cheap stuff with a worm in it and there were rumors that if you ate the worm, you would start tripping, there was a hallucinogenic component to mescal. Is there a particular kind of high?  Is this an enlightening high?  is this a good high?   COOPER:  The high is humorous.  There are funny thoughts dancing around the back of your head. BOURDAIN:  Happy, witty drunk. COOPER:  Yes. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  In Oaxaca, ancient, indigenous traditions of ingredients define not only the mescal but also the food. ALEJANDRO RUIZ OLMEDO, CHEF:  One of the main reasons people visit our city is to eat. BOURDAIN:  This is Alejandro Ruiz Olmedo, one of Mexico's best chefs. He started cooking young.  When he was 12, his mother died and it fell on him to raise and feed his five siblings. OLMEDO:  This is what we call pasajo (ph).  BOURDAIN:  Today he draws much of his inspiration from Oaxaca's central market. (voice-over):  Probably America's most beloved food is what they think is Mexican food. OLMEDO:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  And I think most Americans' view of Mexican food is like beans, fried tortilla, melted cheese, some chicken. OLMEDO:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  In fact, in particular when we're talking about Oaxaca, this is a deep, really sophisticated cuisine. OLMEDO:  That's correct.  Oaxaca has these different microclimates all over our territory and that gives us this enormous amount of spices, produce, fruits, chilis. BOURDAIN:  Like 500,000 varieties of corn.  Something like that.  I mean, this is where the good shit grows. OLMEDO:  This is fancy (ph) barbacoa, and this lady here is always making the best. BOURDAIN:  Tender. OLMEDO:  Yes.  Tender, tasty. BOURDAIN:  Some crunch. OLMEDO:  Cabbage and cilantro. BOURDAIN:  Oh, unbelievably good.  So tasty.  Mm.  Man, deep.  It's good.  I'll finish this.  This is just too damn good. OLMEDO:  People have this barbecue especially on Sundays.  It's a tradition to have barbacoa. BOURDAIN:  So tasty. OLMEDO:  All this is full of chilis.  People think that Mexican food has to be necessarily spicy because of all the chili we use.  And we go for flavor, not for the spices. BOURDAIN:  What most people miss is how really deep and really sophisticated the sauces here can be.  Like Lyon is to France, Oaxaca is to Mexico, in my experience. OLMEDO:  You're right.  Also in my experience. BOURDAIN:  Not kissing your ass here.  I was just in Lyon. (voice-over):  This is Vicky's place.  She has been cooking up traditional Oaxacan dishes in the market for 30 years. (on camera):  Whoa, that's awesome.  He's cooking egg right on the kamal.  Oh, man.  So the guy working the kamal, first of all, a lot of the kamal you see now are metal.  That's old school, super old school. That's the way they did back in Zapotec times, on the clay kamal.  I'm looking there, he's doing tortillas and doing one of my favorite things, the zucchini flour with string cheese.  So pretty to see. (voice-over):  Olmedo's cooking, his focus, his passion have very old, very deep roots. OLMEDO:  My parents were farmers in a small village.  Since you are 6, 7, 8, you have a role to develop in the family. BOURDAIN (on camera):  Right. OLMEDO:  So my role was to water the chili plantation, the tomato plantation, to milk the cows and help my mom when she was making tortillas like that.  She would give me directions and tell me, OK roll the chilis, roll the tomatoes, I will tell you how to prepare molcajete salsa.  So that was the beginning of my profession, learning from the knowledge of how a tomato should taste like when you cut it directly from the plant. BOURDAIN:  The way it should taste.  Old school OLMEDO:  That's right. BOURDAIN:  Oh, man.  Happy. OLMEDO:  This is what I should do.  Try the egg (ph) first, like this. BOURDAIN:  Just grab a hunk. OLMEDO:  Yes.  And then put salsa. BOURDAIN:  Yes.  I haven't been anywhere in Mexico where the cooking is better than here. OLMEDO:  This is the way to preserve our culture, through our food.  (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  The quiet little town of Teotitlan del Valle is about 15 miles outside of Oaxaca, a town where the arts, crafts and traditions of pre-Hispanic Mexico are celebrated and packaged for consumption. Abigail Mendoza and her sister Rufina are Zapotecan, original people from Mexico before the Spanish, before the Aztecs.  This is her restaurant, where Abigail has been grinding corn by hand, making masa and moles like this, the ridiculously faithful, time-consuming, difficult, traditional way she was taught to make these things, and the way she's been making them since she was 6 years old. Look at her hands, by the way.  Small, surprisingly delicate, given all the hard work, all the pushing, kneading, grinding stone against stone over the years.  Then look at her forearms.  The power there. It's impressive and beautiful. OLMEDO:  Every time you enter the house, in Oaxaca, especially in the small villages, they always offer you a shot of mescal. BOURDAIN (on camera):  Mm, so good. (voice-over):  Seguesa (ph), a mole and chicken dish.  This mole sauce, like a lot of the real old school moles made by masters like Abigail, use 35 different types of chili peppers and takes more than two weeks to make. (on camera):  Do you think that until recently, until guys like you, that Mexicans were not looking back at their own food culture, they were looking elsewhere?  What was going on?   OLMEDO:  We were conquerers.  We are were also a culture that was conquered first by the Aztecs and then we conquered by the Spaniards, so we were always taught everything that was good and excellent has to be imported. BOURDAIN:  Right. OLMEDO:  What we have here, it was just not good. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Right.  Another Zapotecan classic, chili agua, a simpler dish of cow and pork brains cooked with chilis, tomatoes and yerba santa. OLMEDO:  As a cook, the main thing I needed to learn was to develop a little bit my cuisine here.  There was this space where nobody tried to innovate.  Still using the same techniques, the same ingredient, the same flavors, herbs, et cetera, but developing them a little bit. BOURDAIN (on camera):  I mean, that's as old-school as it gets.  This is super ancient. OLMEDO:  A final dish, and this one that cannot have.  This is something that you do not find anywhere else in Mexico. (MUSIC) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  The quiet night in the zocalo, the central square of Oaxaca.  But even tonight there's plenty of evidence of the struggle, the discontent, boiling just under the surface.  The graffiti and painting of this street artist who goes by the name Yesca captures that spirit of Oaxacan protest. (on camera):  "The Last Supper," for sure. YESCA, STREET ARTIST:  It's "The Last Supper" but Mexican last supper. BOURDAIN:  Who are these people?   YESCA:  These are most powerful people in Mexico.  People that is driving Mexico.  This is Pena Nieto, the president right now.  This is Felipe Calderon. BOURDAIN:  Right. YESCA:  The last president. BOURDAIN:  The last president. YESCA:  That guy is like the economy guy. BOURDAIN:  Right. YESCA:  Who's moving the economy in Mexico.  And this is the army. This is a prostitute.  This represent because they are like prostitutes. BOURDAIN:  Right. YESCA:  You know?  And narco traffic. BOURDAIN:  Oh. YESCA:  He is like the god in Mexico.  You know?  Because he is, like, over --  BOURDAIN:  All of it. YESCA:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  So this is the way Mexico works?   YESCA:  Yes.  For me, the most problem in Mexico is the corruption. BOURDAIN:  Mexico can be a dangerous place for journalists, for politicians, for police.  Is it a dangerous place for artists?   YESCA:  Yes.  I think so, yes, because if you do not agree with the government, you are like enemy. BOURDAIN:  Right.  (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  In 1936, the town of Cuernavaca, 50 miles from Mexico City, was visited by Malcolm Lowry, the tormented self-loathing, brilliant and hopelessly alcoholic author.  His life work, "Under the Volcano," was set here.  It is widely believed to be one of the great novels of the 20th Century.  Lowry saw symbolism and evil everywhere here.  In the deep areas, the looming volcano that towered overhead. Writer-poet, Javier Sicilia, one of Cuernavaca's most celebrated residents, has reason to see evil, too.  On March 28th, 2011, narcos kidnapped and murdered his son, Juan Francisco, and six other equally blameless victims. Sicilia found himself moved to march to Mexico City to demand an end to the increasingly futile so-called war on drugs that was mindlessly grinding up so many victims in the crossfire and in the margins. (on camera):  In "Under the Volcano," the evil that's coming is fascism, Nazism.  What is the heart of the infernal machine today?   JAVIER SICILIA, WRITER & POET:  (SPEAKING IN SPANISH). BOURDAIN:  What does he want to say?  What does he want people to hear?   SICILIA:  We need to stop this war.  It's a war where we are killing our sons and daughters.  We are losing the democracy of this divided and broken country.  We need to find the peace and the justice that this country does not have. BOURDAIN: Can he think of one place on earth where the good guys are winning? Where you are not ground under the wheels of the machine?  SICILIA:  When people participate in good and loving relationships, there it is.  Peace.  Where there are (inaudible) that refuse to accept death, who refuse to accept that they keep killing, that they keep throwing bodies into the street beheaded, when there is a society that can say, "This is where the human being is above anything else." There is life.  There is a good place. BOURDAIN:  Have you written a poem since the death of your son?   SICILIA:  No.  I wrote my last poem when (INAUDIBLE) assassination of Juan Francisco, my son.  And with that, I (INAUDIBLE) write poems. BOURDAIN:  As I have come to know in my own life, drugs, even drug addiction, can be a survivable event.  Death is not.  Death is final. [19:00:11] UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I don't even think about death. But shooting actually those Russian tanks, you know, going through there and should be. Anybody who had a camera was shot, immediately by a Russian soldier. At that time, I didn't think about that. But I felt that I had to photograph them. ANTHONY BOURDAIN, CNN HOST: You were alive and holding a camera, at a very important time in history. You had to think, do something important. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's very easy to make beautiful, but pictures mean something, (inaudible). But that's totally different story (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) (END VIDEO CLIP) BOURDAIN: You know these images. You grew up with them. They're burned into your brain. Their iconic sequences, framed, and lift, and seen through the lens in ways that changed filmmaking forever. All made by the same man. So, who made these beautiful things? Where did he come from? It didn't begin in Hollywood. It began here, in the streets of Budapest. What about his life, his past, his upbringing, led him again and again to look through a piece of glass and make images like these. But first, some context, and schnitzel -- did I mention schnitzel? It's beautiful here. They say that, of course, that Budapest is beautiful. But it is, in fact, almost ludicrously beautiful. A riot of gorgeous architectural styles, palaces, grand public spaces, former mansions of various princelings, the remains of a long-gone empire still here, still here. If there was such a thing as building porn, it would be this. Just looking out the window as you drive or trolley by, you think, I want that? Who lives there? Who lived there? What it's like inside? And where did they go? From high up Gellerd Hill, you get a sense of the layout of the city. Divided, split by the Danube River, Buda on one side, Phest on the other. Hungary's capital literally divided in two, historically a crossroads of eastern and westerns worlds. Which is which now? Which is Buda and which is Pest? PETER SILAHE (PH), BUDAPEST RESIDENT: We are in Buda. BOURDAIN: Right. SILAHE (PH): If you can look down, you're always in Buda. BOURDAIN: OK. SILAHE (PH): If you look up to something, then you're in Pest. BOURDAIN: Peter Silahe (ph) is a Budapest born poet and performance artist. According to the myth I was grows up in, if you are in Buda, you're in Europe and the other side is Asia. This is the border of the Roman Empire, originally, this big river. BOURDAIN: Right here? SILAHE (PH): Yeah. BOURDAIN: Why they didn't cross? SILAHE (PH): The other -- side is flat, it's hard to defend and there were all these tribes that were vicious and not as civilized as the Romans believed they were. BOURDAIN: They've all been here, the Silts (ph), the Romans, the Mongols, the Ottoman Turks. All had their way or tried. [19:05:00] All left their mark to one extent or another. Then, mid-19th century, the curious, seemingly improbable Austro- Hungarian Empire, this is when the city came into its own, fueled by untold wealth, accumulated power, and ambition. Architecturally, intellectually, a great city, one of the world's greatest. SILAHE (PH): And that was a time when Budapest was a really progressive metropolis. You know, like the first subway in the continent of Europe was in Budapest. Parliament had, like very sophisticated air-conditioning system. So people wanted to come, they wanted to live here, wanted to start a career, wanted to build places like this, because it was a good investment. BOURDAIN: The New York Cafe is one of the last remnants of a society where artists and writers were valued citizens, regardless of financial means. BOURDAIN: When this cafe was built, there were more than 500 cafes in this neighborhood. And this was the biggest and nicest cafe in the world at that time. Never to be closed. BOURDAIN: Here, like in most cafes at that time, a few cents or a few bucks could buy you space all day long, sipping your coffee, thinking great thoughts. Nobody would hassle you, it was a petri dish of creativity. No hipster neck beard barista would make you feel bad about not speaking any dough. SILAHE (PH): Waiters were speaking several languages... BOURDAIN: Right. SILAHE (PH): ... and you read literature, and they invited the writer, occasionally, if he didn't have money, because they appreciated their literature. Where are we now compared today? BOURDAIN: Don't try that now, of course. Today's New-York Cafe patrons spend both their time and money on things like goose liver terrine, foie gras is all everywhere in Hungary, all over every menu. And it's good, really good. Peter's (ph) going for the (inaudible), a soup. SILAHE (PH): If you looked like a writer, they would bring you paper and ink, would bring up a dictionary, whatever you were looking for. Also, most people didn't have telephones at home... BOURDAIN: Right. SILAHE (PH): ... and you could be called here, if you get meal. BOURDAIN: Why do I want to attract writers? It's like, I need more jazz musicians on my restaurant. Can that be... SILAHE (PH): Yeah... BOURDAIN: ... put your money there. SILAHE (PH): It was a different time. It was not simply about the money. BOURDAIN: So it was about? SILAHE (PH): Identity. Yeah. BOURDAIN: We want to be the place that attracts the best and the brightest. SILAHE (PH): Yeah. BOURDAIN: Even if they don't have money. SILAHE (PH): Yeah. BOURDAIN: Those days will never return. SILAHE (PH): Yeah, those days will never return. BOURDAIN: Lovely, thank you. For the main courses, Peter gets the fillet of perch. I'm going for the pork throttle stew, mostly because I like the sound of throttle. That is beautiful. That makes me very happy. If I were to ask most Hungarians, when were the good old days? SILAHE (PH): You would have the answer. BOURDAIN: Right, is this. (Off-Mike) BOURDAIN: Of course, it's not all foie gras and fine wines. There are other pleasures, just as awesome. Maybe, maybe even more awesome, like this. Plesharda (ph), a smokey, chilly working class joint run by (inaudible) for the last 25 years and for obvious reasons beloved by locals. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A long time coming my friend. BOURDAIN: And here is why, look at this. A golden brown pancake pit with chicken livers, covered, nay, drowned with a rich, deeply satisfying sauce of bone marrow. I've got to tell you, this is great. You know, some of you have noticed and complained that I don't really describe food anymore, on the show. That's on deliberate strategy on my part, actually. It's really a lot like writing porn, after you've used the same adjectives over and over (inaudible), penthouse letters. Look at it, its chicken livers, bone marrow, paprika, it's a delicious pancake. This is going to make your life better at all if I describe exactly how while smacking my lips annoying you? It's good. Venison (ph) stew, delicious. And then this, this. Good -- holy -- really? Good lord. Geez. This I need a photo of, put a human hand next to it. That's just truly terrifying. Who eats that? Behold the massiveness, the surfboard-sized fried to order in a pan to only the highest standards schnitzel of justice. [19:10:00] Ride that, baby, all the way home. Yeah. Oh, that's good. Extra pork flavor with hints of day-old friar dish (ph). If the big wave came, I could surf this thing back to my hotel. I kid you not, this is a testament to a great culture, also Gout (ph), but who's counting? (OFF-MIKE) Do I get a t-shirt if this? Or my picture on the wall? (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN: We are, all of us perhaps, called to serve a higher purpose. Put here on earth to do god's mysterious will. Daniel Matta (ph) is here for this, to spread the gospel of meat, Hungarian meat-related wisdom in all its delicious, delicious variety. Like Saint Francis of Assisi, he wanders the earth doing good works. In this case, highlighting the ancient arts of butchery, sausage making, and the preparation of many of the lord's creatures, as he himself, would no doubt like to see them prepared. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What have you heard about Budapest butchers? BOURDAIN: Not much. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We have about 70 butchers in Budapest. BOURDAIN: 70? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yeah. In which you can find us on a small corner, we hot meats and roasted meats (inaudible)... BOURDAIN: It's very... UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Wherever you are, in five minutes, you can find a butcher where you can eat something. BOURDAIN: And on this particular corner, Velbaroshi Disznotoros (ph), one of Daniel's (ph) favorites. [19:15:00] BOURDAIN: So, you are not a butcher? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No, no. no, no. BOURDAIN: What is your -- what do you do? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I am an economist. BOURDAIN: You are economist. So I understand that you go from butcher shop to butcher shop, investigating all the butchers. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yeah, because I... BOURDAIN: Why do you do that? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Because I like it. And some, when 11, I saw that I going to look at all with this. BOURDAIN: Right. BOURDAIN: So we have -- so butcher make a fan club. And then I started to write them on Facebook a nearly 10,000 likes on Facebook and they (inaudible). BOURDAIN: It's so unusual that there are so many, because in France, in Germany, in the states, the old school butchers who know how to do all of these things, they're disappearing. You know, their kids aren't doing it. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's not easy to be a butcher now in Hungary. But with this catering function... BOURDAIN: Right. You mean, prepare... UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yeah, they try to save themselves. BOURDAIN: Yes, there are many boutique cuts of meat available, as one would expect from a master butcher. But then there is this, a field of dreams, a landscape of braised, and fried, and cured delights that seem, under glass, to go on forever. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A good Hungarian butcher shop, they should be able to cut meat, cure meat, make sausage, and cook preparations as well. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yeah. BOURDAIN: Look at that. There he goes, so beautiful. I mean, there's no comparison with a supermarket plus, you could ask... UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yeah. BOURDAIN: ... him, what's good today. Today, oh, look, what great timing. They're making one of my favorites, blood sausage. BOURDAIN: You have to say it in English because I can't. BOURDAIN: Paprika. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Paprika. BOURDAIN: Oregano? (Off-Mike) BOURDAIN: Thyme. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I don't know. BOURDAIN: Marjoram. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Marjoram. BOURDAIN: All spice. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Here comes the rice. BOURDAIN: OK. Here comes the blood. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: And here comes the blood. BOURDAIN: Beautiful, so good. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Salt, and the sugar, I don't understand why. BOURDAIN: It makes flavors pop. Beautiful. Seasoned and right into the tube. Big jokes is coming. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yeah. BOURDAIN: Standby for big jokes. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Oh my god. BOURDAIN: All right. So what do we have here? Oh, that looks good, some nice pickles, braced red cabbage. Over there, from the mighty shanks of some mythical creature, perhaps, of a (inaudible) or delicousorous (ph) at least, slow braised until the meat is falling off the bone. And let there be blood, delicious, delicious blood, in tube form, served, still steaming, nay, heating, engorged, as you will, with goodness, to squirt across your plate as you press against it with the side of your fork. It's so delicious. So how often do you do this? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Two or three times a week. BOURDAIN: What distinguishes a good butcher from an OK butcher? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Actually I myself, an old butcher. BOURDAIN: They're doing good business here. And this is cheap. Yeah. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I can tell you which butcher is my favorite butcher in universe... BOURDAIN: Yeah. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: ... because all of them is different. BOURDAIN: Right. Do you ever just going out for like a salad? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No. BOURDAIN: I kid, I kid. There is another long tradition of artistry here in Budapest. We grew up with their works, visual artists, photographers, filmmakers, where did they all go? Well, World War I happened and with it, the end of the Austro- Hungarian Empire. Budapest and all Europe changed forever. A decades-long wave of emigration began. A stunning number of the world's great photographers fled their native Hungary and took up new lives. Eventually, this man joined them. VILMOS ZSIGMOND, LEGENDARY CINEMATOGRAPHER: I've been shooting these films since I remember I was living -- I was 5 or 6 years old when I was taking pictures with my father's Kodak camera. To that moment, you have to capture, and that's the difficult part the exact moment of the story. Now Hungarians, there is this need to excel. My father was not really an artist. He was a soccer player, a very good one. He said, "Son, whatever you do, you have to be the best at it". First, not second, you have to be first, because otherwise it's not worth it. Vilmos Zsigmond, legendary cinematographer. If for some reason you don't know his name, you sure as hell know his work. [19:20:00] The Oscar-winning "Close Encounters", "The Dear Hunter", his absolutely revolutionary work on "McCabe and Mrs. Miller", "The Long Goodbye", "Deliverance". He created a whole new palette, took crazy risks, changed film language in ways people still try to imitate. And he's making our camera crew very nervous, I can tell you. You taught yourself to shoot? ZSIGMOND: Basically, I always tried to use my father's Kodak camera. (Inaudible) six, it's a kidney disease. I was in bed for a month and an uncle of mine gave me a book about Eugene Vilovich (ph) was great photographer. I bought a camera for myself and I started to take just amateur pictures. BOURDAIN: One thing that hasn't changed through the years is the Hungarian affection for taking the waters, marinating in thermal baths, a tradition going back to the Romans, continued by the ottomans, and something that survived right through two wars and communism. And they do it in style. Who came here back in those days? Was this reserved for anyone who wanted to could come here? ZSIGMOND: Well, you know, funny when I did but nobody think (inaudible) so everybody could afford basically it was cheap. BOURDAIN: Right. ZSIGMOND: In Hungary, we have so many spas. BOURDAIN: There are many bathhouse spas. Baroque, elaborately wedding cakes, built atop mineral rich hot springs gurgling from the earth. None more storied than the Geller (ph). So you arrived in Budapest around age 21. ZSIGMOND: Age 21. BOURDAIN: What was the city like then? ZSIGMOND: It was always beautiful. There were ruins after the war, 1945 I think, half of the city was still in ruins. (OFF-MIKE) BOURDAIN: When you first moved here, you go to film school, what was your average day like other than your studies? What did you do for fun back then? What were your options? ZSIGMOND: Our options were zero. Imagine that we are in the school from little help from the government, very little money, that's good enough to have breakfast and lunch, or breakfast and dinner. You had to skip many lunch to be able to but a pair of socks. So we were very, very poor. But I must say that under this whole thing, the happiest part of my life, under communist, was when I fell in love, immediately. BOURDAIN: fact, some of Vilmos' most powerful and world-changing footage occurred around this time, before leaving Hungary, as a film student during the outbreak of revolution, but we'll get to that later. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [19:25:00] BOURDAIN: In many ways, Vilmos Zsigmond's career as one of the great cinematography in film history begins here in Zagat, about 200 kilometers south of Budapest. Here he was raised by his father, who worked many jobs to make ends meet. Weekends in warmer months all over Hungary, wherever there's a river and fish, places like this are thronged with families, and here along the Tisza River is no exception. Here young Vilmos and his dad would come and eat halaszle, the local specialty of fish soup. How old were you when you first came to this place? ZSIGMOND: I must have been about 7 years old. You know, my father was really great. Those days, years, actually, he didn't have much time, but occasionally, he wants to take me away (inaudible) away from work. So he loved this place, actually. He loved this (inaudible), this fish soup. BOURDAIN: That's murky good-looking and need some bread for this, for sure. Pike from the river simmered low and slow in a rich fish stock with healthy amount of onions and the near ubiquitous but always good paprika. That's good, right? ZSIGMOND: As I kid, I love that. Fish taste so good. BOURDAIN: During the summer, (inaudible) they open the opens and needed side... ZSIGMOND: Then we go and swimming in the river. It was a great place, used to be a great place for fun. And, you know, at night, we used to come here at night, when the gypsies were playing music, and I loved that, actually. I always loved gypsy music. Everything Hungarian from -- they had a very happy childhood. It was good time until the war got in and then stopped all that happiness, you know. There was just hard times. BOURDAIN: Were you fully aware of how bad, how grave things were? ZSIGMOND: Near the end of the war, the Germans came in and then started to bomb us. And they started to soon take care of Jews, actually, I mean, to work in camps. That started to be very, very ugly. [19:30:05] BOURDAIN: For people of your generation, who grew up, these were incredibly insecure times. Psychologically, what do you think that teaches you as far as a world view? Do you become more adaptable Do you become more suspicious? Do you become more cynical? ZSIGMOND: It's about survival, actually. We want to survive as Hungarians to preserve identity as Hungarians, so that's what we did, we survived. BOURDAIN: He saw a lot as a young boy, as he would later, as an adult. In 1944, German tanks rolled into Hungary. His country was now in the hands of a foreign power, enact for the last time. ZSIGMOND: And, you know, it made me think back to my school years. I almost say those were the happiest years of my life, being under a terrible regime, terrible things happened all along that. I was (inaudible) studying cinematography. Being in the film school was like an island of the craziness. BOURDAIN: I grew up in New Jersey. My family was sentimental about beautiful pictures, a beautiful script. We saw every film you ever shot and talked about them at the dinner table. These were important. This is got to look pretty close to the way it is, in the old day, yeah? ZSIGMOND: Oh, yeah. Doesn't change much. BOURDAIN: Through it all for Vilmos, there was this place, however, a very special place for a boy growing up during wartime, the movie house where he saw his first films. So what memorable films did you see in this theater? ZSIGMOND: My probably best experience in my life, I was in Hungary, see "Chaplin the Dictator". (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Liberty stunk. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Liberty is odious. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (Inaudible) Stunk. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Freedom of speech is objection. (END VIDEO CLIP) ZSIGMOND: (Inaudible) Chaplain did such a great job, you know. BOURDAIN: Some films, of course, resonated more than others, the power of the visual image intensified maybe by what was going on just outside that dark room. Films could be inspiring, but they could be dangerous. It was so magical to me. I mean, they ought to go to a film, especially a dangerous one, one that was just the subject matter and the content was different and to see that just, oh, my god, what do I do with my life now after seeing it? This theater, by the way, is now named in his honor. (Commercial Break) [19:35:00] BOURDAIN: When you look at footage you took during the revolution, you're not in those pictures, but do you see yourself? I mean, do you remember what it felt like? ZSIGMOND: I remember that I was actually scared to death. Shooting actually those Russian tanks, you know, going through there, you know, they can shoot me. But I felt that had to photograph it. Things were going from one side to the other side of the Danube. BOURDAIN: There were tanks coming across this? ZSIGMOND: Well, yes, actually. It was a pretty cool, cold day, too. BOURDAIN: Yeah. ZSIGMOND: Not this cold but it was raining, it was bad weather. It was pretty much, you know, you could see what was happening in Budapest. BOURDAIN: After the war, a Cold War. Hungary now found itself firmly in the grip of the Soviet Union. Germans had been replaced by Russian commissars and their obedient Hungarian functionaries. Young Vilmos Zsigmond was now at film school in Budapest learning his craft, along with his best friend who'd also go on to become a legendary cinematographer, Laszlo Kovacs. Then in 1956, something amazing happened. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Hated emblems of red tyranny went down as Hungarian patriots for ten glorious days sent Russians armored (inaudible) in the struggle which pitted 9in of courage and rifles against tanks. (END VIDEO CLIP) ZSIGMOND: You know, lots of the -- that the Statue of Stalin used to be under the first night, actually, when the revolution started, the people wanted to take the statue down. It took about a couple of hours, actually, to cut Mr. Stalin's legs off. And actually back in the city, you know, the next day, people took pieces home as a souvenir. BOURDAIN: To date, this was something that had never been done. The Hungarians took to the streets, a revolution. That's when Vilmos, and Laszlo, and some pals snuck 35 millimeter cameras and film out of their school's equipment room, and at great risk to themselves, joined their countrymen in the streets, documenting the revolt and the aftermath. These images are from some of that historic footage. A scene for ten glorious days, that freedom had finally come. Encouraged by the west and by CIA radio broadcasts in particular, the Hungarians believed that help was on its way, that this was it. They dug in and fought, hoping to hold out until help arrived. On November 4th, a desperate plea went out over the air waves. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This is Hungary calling. This is Hungary calling. For the sake of God and freedom, help Hungary. (END VIDEO CLIP) BOURDAIN: The Russians had been beaten back for a time, but now they doubled down with a vengeance, pouring tanks, and troops, and heavy armor back into Budapest and brutally and all too effectively put down the resistance. [19:40:05] Help never came. ZSIGMOND: I mean, this is a place where a lot of things happened. It used to be the secret police headquarters, I never shot this before, so this is about the first time I'm going to get this building shot. BOURDAIN: So this was the internal secret police, so if someone came at night with a van and he were taken away, you ended up being interrogated here? ZSIGMOND: Yes. ZSIGMOND: Secret police headquarters in 1956, the site of a fire fight between snipers on the roof, and their fellow citizens below. ZSIGMOND: Then the people got into the building, went up there, hunted them down and killed them, actually, basically, and hanged them on the streets. BOURDAIN: Hung them here. ZSIGMOND: Hung them all over the streets. It's hard to find a tree which they hung those people up there. Had you see people killed before, before the revolution? ZSIGMOND: No. Very tragic moment. BOURDAIN: The building is abandoned. The door, as it turns out, wide open. ZSIGMOND: Oh, wow. Oh, look at that. BOURDAIN: It still feels sad. A little haunted, yeah? ZSIGMOND: Those were vicious times, you know, people's life was not really important to these people, they were cruel. Picking up people at midnight and taking them somewhere and some of them went to Siberia. They killed so many people after that time, unfortunately (inaudible) they went through the film. People were in trouble and many were killed. 200,000 people left the country at that time, Hungarians. BOURDAIN: How long did you stick around? ZSIGMOND: Almost three weeks, and that's when we realized that nothing is going to be change. BOURDAIN: You left Hungary with a lot of kinds of film? ZSIGMOND: As much as we could carry. We have just enough money to get to America. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [19:45:00] BOURDAIN: The sound track to old Budapest, the ubiquitous gypsy violin, found at one time in every cafe or restaurant. ZSIGMOND: It's a hard life that of a professional musician, as true a statement in Budapest as anywhere. These guys are Budapest bar, an eclectic troupe of extraordinary musicians united by their dedication to that uniquely Hungarian crossroads of gypsy and classical music. So, what does a band do when the hour's late and some sustenance of perhaps some strong drink is required? It's back to the flat lead violinist Robbie (ph) and his manger wife, Andrea (ph). And of course, playing bass, play more music. Do you have to be gypsy to play gypsy music? No hesitation. (FOREIGN LANGUAGE) ANDREA (PH): He says it's very rare that anybody who's not a gypsy can play gypsy music. (FOREIGN LANGUAGE) ANDREA (PH): In gypsy music, the whole lifestyle, the whole experience is in and kids start learning it when they are 2 or 3. By the time you are 8, you have all these ingredients in your blood. BOURDAIN: Margarite Bongo (ph), basically the Aretha Franklin of Hungarian gypsy music, a household name, also a fantastic cook. Extraordinary singing talent does not preclude her from overseeing a classic line up of dishes like chicken paprikash, whole perch roasted in bacon, stuffed cabbage filled with goose meat and slow cooked, and of course, the inevitable goulash. The iconic dish you see everywhere, but rarely as good as this. Thank you. Should I put a little sour cream on there? MARGARITE BONGO (PH), ARETHA FRANKLIN OF HUNGARIAN GYPSY MUSIC: Yes. BOURDAIN: Beautiful. (OFF-MIKE) BOURDAIN: Thank you. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: She says it's her own special recipe. BOURDAIN: Luxurious. If you're a musician and living in Budapest right now, this is a good time to be a musician? (FOREIGN LANGUAGE) [19:50:00] UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It's not. It's not a good time. (FOREIGN LANGUAGE) UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It's very bad for the gypsy musicians generally speaking because it's dead. It's completely -- apart from things like Budapest bar, gypsy music is extinct. BOURDAIN: It's heartbreaking. Is sadness an important part of this music? UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yeah. BOURDAIN: I mean, Hungary is a country that has experimented a lot of heartbreak. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: So it is a lot of heartbreaks. It's a lot of difficulties, and then... (FOREIGN LANGUAGE) UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: And there is another saying that the violin is crying, that the gypsy violin is crying or -- there is another one that even if we have joy we cry, the Hungarian. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN: Tonight, Vilmos has invited me to the home of his longtime friend and college in the film business, Richie Ram Walter (ph). Vilmos met Richie (ph) on set of a movie more than 20 years ago, and they have been friends and partners ever since. BOURDAIN: Cheers. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Cheers. RICHIE RAM WALTER (PH), VILMOS FRIEND: In Hungary, I would (inaudible). BOURDAIN: I'll never learn to pronounce that. (CROSSTALK) Richie's of wife Maria (ph), daughter Judith (ph), Vilmos' wife Susan, friends and family reunite for the best of simple pleasures. We start with a rich carroway, and onion, and paprika soup, finished with homemade croutons. And there's marhaporkolta, a deeply rich, deeply warming beef stew with smoked pork sausage mixed in for good measure, cooked slowly for hours and, of course, heavy on the paprika, traditional cucumber salad, to accompany the soup, (inaudible) boiled dumplings. ZSIGMOND: Our style in photography was not realist, it's called poetic realist. That's what we always thought about that certain photography. Yeah, emphasizing basically the beauty of the things but also I make it more beautiful than it is. Why is Hungary so strong on photography? UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I think they are very strong in mathematics, which was in the early days connected to photography. Vilmos tells me about his education in math, it was totally different than what I thought. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Very good school. ZSIGMOND: That's what I said, that schools in Hungary were very, very good. BOURDAIN: This is no kind of an answer to me. You've made some of the most iconically beautiful images that, you know, we've known in the modern world. And you keep telling me, "Well, I was smart in school, I was good at math or, he was a good... ZSIGMOND: Now tell me, what would you like to hear? BOURDAIN: I was touched by god. I don't know. If you're regularly creating the sublime, I'm looking for a metaphysical answer, I don't know. ZSIGMOND: You learn this. You learn to be an artist. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: So if I would ask you that how was dinner? BOURDAIN: So deeply delicious. Thank you. Oh, really good, really good, wow. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Oh, thank you. BOURDAIN: I'm glad, what a great meal. Thank you. Do we emerge fully formed with a god-given eye, for pictures, images that can move people? Or, are we the end result of all the things we've seen, all the things we've done, the places we've been, the places, the people we've had to leave behind, all that's happened in your life? Is it those things that bring the light or the darkness to the blank screen? And what about the faces of those we capture in our magic lenses for a minute, or second, or an hour? Afterwards, should we think about them and where they might be now? [20:00:00] (MUSIC) [20:00:16] PAUL THEROUX, NOVELIST, ESSAYIST, TRAVEL WRITER & HAWAII RESIDENT: My great fear as a kid was the fear of failing. And that's Hawaiian because I was born that way because that's expectation. You're Hawaiian, you're going to be less. You're Hawaiian, you're going to feel more. And so it's old. It's in you. It's part of your identity. But when I navigate a voyage, I know when the storm comes and it's going to take you to the bone. And if the storm keeps coming, you've got to stand up. That's just what you've got to do. And it's this zone where you learn to make fear your best friend. You hold it really close to you and you open up the door to believing that you can make it. (SINGING) ANTHONY BOURDAIN, CNN HOST (voice-over): Hawaii is America, as American as anything could possibly be, yet it also never shed what was there before in the layers and layers that have come since. It's a wonderful, tricky, conflicted, mutant hell rod (ph), and what, for lack of a better word, you'd have to call paradise. THEROUX: No man's paradise. Paradises don't exist. Paradise is kind of in your head. BOURDAIN (on camera): Wait a minute. You look at your window here. You look at those hills, those mountains, all that green, that blue sky, the gen-clear sea, it sure looks like paradise to me. (voice-over): This guy knows. He's been everywhere. He's Paul Theroux, novelist, essaying and legendary travel writer. Of the all the places he's been, all the places he's seen, he chose Hawaii to live, and he's lived here for 25 years. (on camera): Does it matter that it's America? THEROUX: It's the big thing that it's America. It has elements of the third world. The nicest elements of the third world, which is the self-respect, the pride. There's things that don't work at all. And then it's mainstream USA. Where we are now, I mean, there's PTA meetings here. They get together and watch the Super Bowl and it's the most Main Street USA as much as you will find. BOURDAIN (voice-over): Town is a neighborhood spot in Honolulu's Kamokada (ph) district and as Hawaii is the only state in the union that allows day boat fishermen to sell to restaurants, the pan-roasted mahi-mahi is pretty damn good. (on camera): It's not a particularly welcoming or friendly part of the world. Contrary to the sort of the aloha myth. THEROUX: No, that's right. That's right. But no island is. Nantucket isn't. The island of Hawaii isn't. The Isle of Wight. Name an island that wa, want foreigners there? Sicily. They want foreigners there? No way. Did anyone come to an island with a good intention? (CROSSTALK) BOURDAIN: No, never in this new world. Best case in the world, bring syphilis. THEROUX: Yeah. Yeah. BOURDAIN: Pretty much. I mean, at the very least. THEROUX: Yes. Captain Cook put his sailors ashore, just to look northwest of here. He was the first hali (ph). Like Magellan. Hawaii killed its first tourists. The Philippines killed their first tourist. But people on the islands born on the islands view anyone who comes ashore with suspicion. To go back to what defines a Hawaiian, maybe we should go back in our imaginations, it could have been 2,000 years ago. The Tahitians had this voyage way before any other culture was exploring the deep seas. Somehow, yet, someplace in the South Pacific, the single most isolated archipelago in the planet. Fast forward to Captain Cook and his identification of a native Hawaiian, you get a glimpse that these are very productive people. They're industrious, healthy, strong. They had time for the arts. That was a large population, more than half of what we have in Hawaii today. Fully sustainable, because there was no other choice. So over time, the native Hawaiian population goes to 22,000. It's the same story. Introduced disease, the inability to deal with it, people die. 1926, the public school system would outlaw language and the practice of culture in public schools. So the road to extinction is being well paved. [20:05:44] BOURDAIN (voice-over): Between Captain Cook's arrival in 1778 and today, disease wiped out most of the population. Missionaries came. A booming sugar and pineapple plantation industry. An influx of immigrants from Japan, Okinawa, China and the Philippines. There was the overthrow of Queen Liluokalani. And the U.S. takeover of the Hawaiian government. World War II. And finally, statehood. The geographical realities of being thousands of miles from, well, anywhere else, has given Hawaii, to some degree, protection from the forces that eradicated so many other South Pacific cultures entirely. In fact, they've arguably been holding back the inevitable creed better than just about anyone. What Hawaii looks like today depends on which island you're standing on and, to some extent, the reputation of the locals. The Hawaiian Islands are not a monolith. Islands, that's plural, and we're talking eight very different islands with very different identities. It's been over a century since the waves of immigrants began and things got all mixed up in the best possible way. There's layers. And a simple question like, who is Hawaiian, gets you all kinds of answers. The neighborhood of Kalihi is far cry from the Hawaii that most people know. And Ethel's have been a go-to of a very specific kind the last 40 years. ANDREW LE, CHEF, THE PIG AND THE LADY: It's the blue collar town. They all come here. Breakfast, lunch. Every day. BOURDAIN: I'm joined by two local chefs, Mark Naguchi, of Mission, known by some as the Gooch. His second generation Japanese. And Andrew Le, of the Pig and the Lady. He's first generation Vietnamese American, or would that be Vietnamese-Hawaiian? As you'll see, it gets complicated. MARK NAGUCHI, CHEF, THE MISSION: I actually cooked on the east coast for three years and people would always be like, are you from Hawaii? You're Hawaiian? I said, no, I'm second-generation Japanese. They're like, if you're from Hawaii, that makes you Hawaiian. I was like, no. What I realized like, here in Hawaii, we identify ourselves ethnically versus geographically. There's no way we would call ourselves Hawaiians. We would get our asses kicked by a Hawaiian. BOURDAIN: How many generations does it take: I mean who qualifies as Hawaiian in your view? NAGUCHI: To me, a Hawaiian is a native of the land. It's in your blood. You come from a lineage of native Hawaiian people. BOURDAIN: What's your feeling here? LE: I do feel like I'm Hawaiian in a sense, you know. It's my place. But culturally, that's a different story. BOURDAIN: Let me ask you this. You say you're not Hawaiian. NAGUCHI: No. What's your feeling about Spam? NAGUCHI: I love Spam BOURDAIN: So you're Hawaiian. NAGUCHI: I'm from Hawaii. (LAUGHTER) I'm born and raised, going to die 808. BOURDAIN (voice-over): The owners of Ethel's are sort of a typical Hawaiian mix, Okinawan, Yoko Shee (ph), aka mom; mainland Japanese husband, Yoichi (ph); and daughter, Anoka (ph), who I guess would be Japanese/Okinawan/American/Hawaiian; and son-in-law, Robert, who is, of course, Mexican. (on camera): That's pretty. Ooh, wow, look at that. NAGUCHI: That looks good. BOURDAIN: Now we are talking. That's awesome. LE: I just call it local food. Local food covers like a wide spread. When I look at this table, it's just Hawaii. Got Portuguese, Japanese. Okinawan, World War II. I don't know. BOURDAIN: Korea? LE: Korean, Japanese, Hawaiian. Awesomeness. BOURDAIN (voice-over): The food is bone-deep Hawaiian food, my friend, which is to say delicious mash-up, of -- well, look, take taco rice. It's a dish created in Okinawa to approximate Tex-Mex for homesick American G.I.'s that appropriated in a post-ironic way by younger generations of Okinawans and Japanese and it's now found its way back to Hawaii. Got that? (LAUGHTER) [20:10:10] LE: Identifying and seeing my best friends who were native Hawaiian, helped me to realize the pride of being from Hawaii, understanding the Hawaiian culture. Living it. Possibly being part of Japanese. BOURDAIN: There's still a movement to a sovereign -- (CROSSTALK) BOURDAIN: There's strong movement. So if fighting broke out, which side are you on? (CROSSTALK) BOURDAIN: You don't have to think about that. NAGUCHI: I would joke about it. If like, me and Hawaii. I am back and Uncle Sam and were like, no, no native Hawaiian only, I'm like, everybody needs to cook. I'm a cook. (LAUGHTER) I have worth! (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN (voice-over): This is Ninoa Thompson. In 1976, along with a number of similarly heroic Hawaiians, he did a very difficult, very important thing. Before 1972, it was generally assumed, even insisted upon, that Hawaii had been settled originally by some random savages who maybe drifted over accidentally from South America. It certainly couldn't have been ancient Polynesians. They couldn't possible have been the kind of sophisticated navigators who could guide a sailboat willfully across the Pacific, across thousands of miles of open water. NINOA THOMPSON, HAWAII: Nobody could see the canoe. No dreams. No hope. Can't see. BOURDAIN: The Polynesian Voyaging Society, with the help of crew members like Ninoa Thompson, set out to prove that's what did happen. THOMPSON: There were those in the community that loved this, prayed for the canoe. Because they sensed the change. You have this 62- foot, 12-ton voyaging canoe. It was powerful. It changed everything. [20:15:12] BOURDAIN: The hokulaia, a double-hulled sailing canoe, a replica of the kind of craft believed to have been used in those times, and only using primitive contemporaneous navigational tools, sailed to 5,500 miles to Tahiti and back. The trip that helped spark a Hawaiian renaissance, a rebirth of pride and interest in traditional Hawaiian culture and identity. THOMPSON: The success was monumental. It changed the view of ancestors as extraordinarily skilled and so we come from them. BOURDAIN: Thomas is a waterman who continues to sail on hokulaia's missions. Native Hawaiian, his roots go back in the valley 200 years. THOMPSON: My grandfather was born here. So I grew up. BOURDAIN: He spent many years learning traditional Polynesian navigation techniques from a master, now the small Micronesian island. THOMPSON: This was a man who was chosen by his grandfather. At one year old, he was put in to be trained and learning the wind and the water and the zone, he was sailing. He would never say it was some sense of abuse, but, yeah, when the way make the canoe move, the canoe make me sick, my grandfather threw me into the ocean so I could inside the wave. When I go inside the wave, I become the wave. When I become the wave, now I navigate it. So when I approached him. Said to me, too old. You want someone to know everything, send his son to my island. But he said I'll teach you enough to find the island you seek, but I can't teach you the magic. BOURDAIN (on camera): Why do you think it was important to do such a difficult thing? THOMPSON: The same story you'll see everywhere in terms of the indigenous people. My father's mother, nearly pure Hawaiian, chooses not to teach her children language or culture or genealogy. Where do you come? Who's your family? What's your name? And that could have been 100 generations. What the voyage did was a reconnection back to feeling wholesome about who you are, because knowing where you come from and who are your ancestors. So when I got to Tahiti, it was their commitment. I wasn't our commitment. It was theirs. It started to ignite this flame. It was symbolic. A bumper sticker, a T-shirt emerges, I'm proud to be Hawaiian. 1987, it becomes the first language. It's mandatory in schools. Hawaiian culture has to be taught in private schools. Private schools won't have attendance if you don't teach Hawaiian. Now it's Hawaiian identity is into everything. It has to be recognized in everything. That is powerful. BOURDAIN (voice-over): When I mentioned to people, locals in Oahu, Maui, other Hawaiian residents that I was going to Molikai, the response was almost always surprise. Molikai did not have a reputation for being welcome, that it was dangerous to go over there. That those Molikai dudes were mean, inward-looking, unfriendly, tough as iron and quick to get pissed off. As it turned out, that was not my experience. WALTER NAKI, FISHERMAN: So we like to brag that we don't have. We don't have traffic lights. We don't have a building over three stories. We don't have traffic. BOURDAIN (on camera): Nice. (voice-over): Walter Naki is a skilled fisherman and, today, we're headed out for some octopus. NAKI: Molikai, it's the friendly island. BOURDAIN (on camera): But it's famously not the friendly island. It's supposed to be the most unfriendly island. I mean, that's what everybody says, right? NAKI: It depends on how you look at it. Traditionally, we're here very friendly. Now, unfriendly is where you go try to come and fix it. That's when it becomes unfriendly. (LAUGHTER) The Molikai before have been -- so we had a lot still in tact. BOURDAIN: Still? NAKI: Yes. But there's always other people that want to come. BOURDAIN (voice-over): Unsurprisingly, fishing rights is an issue around here. Don't come over here sport fishing the wrong place if you know what's good for you. [20:20:00] NAKI: So this is the area. Nice sandy spot. OK, ready? Let's go. OK, we are here, man. (INAUDIBLE). We keep the feeling there, make them feel, not going to take no more. When he comes right up, stick him. BOURDAIN (voice- over): Final step, stun the struggling creature with a sharp blow from a mallet or, if you want to go old school, bite them right in the brain. In my case, it took repeated crunching to locate the apparently Chicklet-sized organ. NAKI: It's going to come to you. BOURDAIN: This one died eventually, likely by exhaustion, as anything else, I suspected. (LAUGHTER) (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [20:25:04] BOURDAIN (voice-over): While the sailing canoe the hokulaia was a powerful spark for the Hawaiian renaissance, this is what really set things off. Beginning in 1941, continuing into the '70s and beyond, the U.S. Navy had been using the beautiful neighborhood island of Kaloa as a bombing range. You could feel the shockwaves as far away as Maui and Molikai. WALTER RITTE, ACTIVIST: -- Hawaii and nobody's going to tell me any different. BOURDAIN: People had never been happy about it. But emboldened by times and recent events, a group of young activists decided to take a stand. In 1976, there were a number of attempted occupations of the island in protest of the bombing. None more successful than Walter Ritte's. He and fellow activist, Richard Sawyer, sat on the island and refused to leave. RITTE: One thing, back over there. BOURDAIN: Managing to evade pursuers for just over a month before finally being arrested in jail. RITTE: The first to burn down this building and put up (INAUDIBLE). BOURDAIN: They emerged, of course, heroes. And these protests went on to inspire many others to join the movement. RITTE: I hope I'm still alive when that day happens. Because I want to see our queen back in office. BOURDAIN: And embodied the independent spirit, the desire for Hawaiian empowerment and sovereignty that today resonates across generations. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN: Welcome to what is supposedly the most unwelcoming place in Hawaii. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) HANUHANU: Come in. come in. My name is Hanuhanu. BOURDAIN: Thank you so much. HANUHANU: Nice to meet you. BOURDAIN: Thank you. HANUHANU: Please come inside. BOURDAIN: Aloha. This is Kahobnui (ph) fish pond, a shared community space with a sacred history. Hanuhanu is the caretaker of the fish pond. He's a local community leader here on Molikai. Also here is the famous Walter Ritte. RITTE: Everyone knows how valuable this is because we can see what happened to the rest of the island. BOURDAIN (on camera): Essentially an old school fish farm. HANUHANU: 800 years old. BOURDAIN: 800 years old. HANUHANU: Modernizing one old idea and an ancient idea simple as feeding your community. This, the island you're on, this place could feed over a million people back in the day. BOURDAIN (voice-over): You hear the word again and again on Molikai. Ina, which means land and translates to that which feeds you. Springs, mountains, rivers. These lands, these fish ponds were managed by their ancestors as a sacred trust. Here where fresh water from the mountains and fast-moving oceans waters met, early, sustainable clean fish farms. Something in modern times we're still struggling to figure out. RITTE: People think about us. The true story is that we have a place of abundance and trying to protect it. Trying to protect all of these things we've been trying to protect for the last 30 years and it's getting harder and harder. HANUHANU: Every single one of these Hawaiians over here, get enough evidence that the state of Hawaii, the Department of Land and Natural Resources have done a terrible job. We're not even looking for blame. We're looking for an agreement for today. BOURDAIN (on camera): Right. HANUHANU: We all are going to be pono. We're all going to be righteous and good. Our planet is in such bad shape that being environmental, being green is trending. That's how Hawaiians have always been. BOURDAIN: Who gets to be Hawaiian? Is it the question, who is Hawaiian? HANUHANU: Hawaiian is a nationality. You can be Hawaiian. BOURDAIN: Really, come on. (CROSSTALK) BOURDAIN: Don't shit me now. I have to be born here. (CROSSTALK) BOURDAIN: Come on. This is a different story. HANUHANU: I can give you the best explanation. You cannot be our blood. Our blood is kanapa. You cannot be kanapa. Hawaii is our nationality. You can be that. You see this what we're standing on, our ina, it matters so much that if you love this place and you don't want to develop it, destroy it, abuse it, we're on the same team. If you, eye this place as a money- making vehicle for yourself, we enemies. Right? And it doesn't matter what race, religion, what sex. [20:30:00] HANUHANU: If you love this place and the way we love it and our ancestors loved it, oh, we can be more than friends but we can be family. I'm going to aloha you. (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN: Beautifully put. Wow. HANUHANU: That's it. BOURDAIN: Right on, bro. (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN (voice-over): It's a pretty impressive spread of food for such a supposedly surly group. Slow roasted pig, grilled kala fish, mullet cooked lavala (ph) style. And of course, octopus, known as squid luau. Fresh poi. You've got to have it fresh. Believe me. Makes all the difference in the world. Fresh water snails called, I believe, hivine (ph) harvested from streams way up in the mountains. HANUHANU: Up in the mountain. Squid. BOURDAIN (on camera): That's octopus? Oh. (CROSSTALK) BOURDAIN: I recognize you. (SINGING) HANUHANU: When somebody steals this, it's easy for us to say, you're stealing our stuff. Right? But all of this stuff is dependent on what healthy environment and eco-system. BOURDAIN: Let me ask you just, because I'm a bit of a dick, I have to ask. (CROSSTALK) (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN: I have to ask. All right. So we have like 12 more beers. And I pull out some nice masubi (ph). (SINGING) HANUHANU: I would eat them. Look, I would eat them. (LAUGHTER) That doesn't mean it's what I feed my children. (LAUGHER) Our culture made everything we did the best of the best. Hawaiians are the only ones that turned taro root into poi. We're doing everything. The best of the best. You introduce Span to us, we're doing our best. You introduced Christianity to us, we're going to do the best. (LAUGHTER) (CROSSTALK) BOURDAIN: Our Christianity is better than yours. I love it. (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN: So disappointed, no way lived up to your reputation, mean, inward-looking, hostile. Admit it. It's a calculated strategy. HANUHANU: It is. BOURDAIN: And leave the message, if you're watching this show, I hope your heart is swelling with admiration. The bottom line, don't come here. HANUHANU: Yeah! (LAUGHTER) (SINGING) (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [20:35:00] BOURDAIN (voice-over): The ocean is all around for thousands of miles. A humbling feeling knowing, at all times, the ground upon which you live and breathe is but a tiny speck in the middle of all this. So in Hawaii, the water man, is an important distinct. It expresses the shared consensus you're able to handle yourself in the ocean no matter what it throws at you. It implies you're capable of almost mythical things. The ability to live in the water, handle it's many moods above or below the surface. Meet Uncle Ross, waterman, a canoe-surfing legend and generally accepted ambassador of the aloha spirit. He's offered to share with me the truly ancient Hawaiian space found only on the face of a crashing wave. Surfing, a life connected to the ocean, just spending time with family and friends on the beach, some of the cornerstones of Hawaiian life. UNCLE ROSS, WATERMAN, CANOE SURFER: This is our chef. This is Jason BOURDAIN (on camera): Hi. UNCLE ROSS: Tony, that's Kiola. BOURDAIN: How are you? (CROSSTALK) UNCLE ROSS: Loni. BOURDAIN: How do you do. How are you? UNCLE ROSS: Kiave. BOURDAIN: Hi. UNCLE ROSS: Megan (ph). BOURDAIN: Hello. UNCLE ROSS: Those are my two daughters. This is my wife, Felicia. BOURDAIN: Hello, how are you? UNCLE ROSS: Brendan, come say hi. BOURDAIN: Hey, Brendan, how are you. UNCLE ROSS: Milton. This is Milton. BOURDAIN: Milton, good to meet you. How does everybody know each other here? UNCLE ROSS: We live on an island. Everybody knows everybody. BOURDAIN: OK. Why do I even ask? (LAUGHTER) UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I think I met Uncle Ross through the water. Surfing, we became like family. He's like my dad. My ohana. BOURDAIN (voice-over): Each and every weekend, Ross can be found here, with his ohana, a Hawaiian word that describes an extended circle of family and close friends. (on camera): Nice. Got lucky today. It's a beautiful day. UNCLE ROSS: Beautiful day. Even when it's storming, it's nice on the beach. BOURDAIN: Yeah. UNCLE ROSS: And we'll stay here until that thing goes down, hits the horizon. (LAUGHTER) When the sun hits the horizon, it's time to go home. BOURDAIN (voice-over): Maui is an island as beautiful as it gets and, sure, it's got share of portion-controlled cruise line entertainments doled out and digestible bites and complementary Mai Tais, but you'll also find a sort of beloved institution like Tasty Crust, as local a place as you're likely to find. Daniel Akitahito will explain. DANIEL AKITAHITO, JOURNALIST & FOUNDER, CONTRAST MAGAZINE: This is a situation I can order for you and you trust me. I think we'll hook you up with the local flavor. BOURDAIN (on camera): OK, I trust. (voice-over): Raised on the big island, he's a journalist, the first Hawaiian editor of a major surf publication and founder of the local "Contrast" magazine. [20:40:00] AKITAHITO: Local culture is very much so trying to point a finger at anybody coming going, hey, you don't belong. Therein kind of lies a little conflict we have of being a modern-day Hawaiian. And I still think that's something that we forget about these days is how educated and how accepting our ancestors were. It was always built on inclusivity, aloha. Aloha is giving without expecting anything in return. You've got this Hawaiian culture that was a product of the Polynesians that populated the islands and then you have this local that's a product of the plantation lifestyle, so the Japanese, the Chinese, the Koreans, the Filipinos, the Portuguese. BOURDAIN: Indeed, all history can be explained what's on your plate. This is a prime example. Behold, bitches, the plate lunch. The most identifiable and essential feature of the plate lunch is this, a big scoop or two of white rice and potato-mac salad. There is nothing more Hawaiian. Served along side a protein, like chicken catsi (ph), or this hamburger steak, burger-like patty drowned in dark sinister sticky, shiny gravy. Or vodokakiari (ph), seared hahi (ph) with nori and sesame seeds. AKITAHITO: Oh, my gosh, that looks beautiful. BOURDAIN: Oh, yeah, that's going to work. All right. I sit this right on top of the rice. AKITAHITO: Yep. Get some of that salad on there too. BOURDAIN: Get that sinister gravy on. They may not be Hawaiian, but they are now. They're fundamentally local. I mean, this food, the most delicious, let's be honest, delicious. This is not healthy eating. AKITAHITO: We're kind of paying the price for it right now in the health of the state, which is terrible. As I take a bite of a hamburger. BOURDAIN: As I said, just so good. AKITAHITO: If you really want to do Hawaii right, you've got to get that. That's a power that Hawaii and the ina has is that, if you show aloha and you give without asking, the ina is going to recognize it and shower its blessings upon you. BOURDAIN: So you think traditional Hawaiian culture and lifestyle has a chance against the modern world? AKITAHITO: I think so. The beautiful part about my ancestors is they realized there was a limited number of resources where they lived, so they observed nature to the best possible they could to figure out what were the cycles and how do we preserve this resource? Hawaiian culture can teach the whole world something that it needs to know, is that we all live on an island. And we are all part of the same community. Let's all show aloha to the ina and show aloha to everybody else as well. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) (MUSIC) [20:46:49] BOURDAIN (voice-over): An extraordinary man lives in this house, Shep Gordon, long time resident on Maui, legendary talent manager. Maybe you know some of the people whose careers he's looked after: Alice Cooper, Teddy Pendergrass, Luther Vandross, Blondie, Pink Floyd. He was years ahead of the chef exPLOsion, shepherding Emeril through his career. He's produced films, worked alongside great French chefs like Roger Velshae (ph), became close to His Holiness, the Dalai Lama. Basically, done everything with everybody in every place. SHEP GORDON, TALENT MANAGER & HAWAII RESIDENT: I first got here 40 years ago. I put one foot on the island and I knew I was living here the rest of my life. BOURDAIN (on camera): Do you ever look out there and it's wallpaper? GORDON: Never. Never. I say it out loud, first words in the morning, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, every day. BOURDAIN (voice-over): Shep is famously one of the most generous and enthusiastic of hosts, a more stand-up loyal guy you could barely imagine, and no wonder they call the documentary based on his life "Super Mitch." That's how he's known around the world. Here, he's known that guy who throws great parties. Prep starts early. With chef's friend, Julio, a Maui-born-and-bred rancher, with help from local chef, Sheldon Sini (ph). Middle of the night, in a traditional emudone (ph) filled with lava rocks. The fire allowed to burn down to coals before the pig, wrapped in combination of banana leaves and tea leaves, is dropped in. JULIO: OK, you guys ready for the unveiling? Hold on. BOURDAIN: 12 hours later, you dig it up and, well, it's party time. (on camera): What you've been saying is you've been drinking steadily since 5:00 this morning? (LAUGHTER) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I didn't say. It didn't come out of my mouth. (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN: Behold. The magnificence. It's a very important part of your childhood. Dun, dun, dun, dun. Wow. Look at that. You just lift the bones out by hand? JULIO: Yep. Ready? BOURDAIN: Just dump them in into a bucket. Awesome. (LAUGHTER) Wow. (APPLAUSE) BOURDAIN: Wow. That's pretty much the way I want to end up. (LAUGHTER) Pour me into a pot. (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN (voice-over): There's lots to do and everyone pitches in to help. It's an extended, all-day affair of prepping, chopping, dicing, slicing, mixing. Of course, there is some sampling along the way. Like this wild pig sausage that someone was nice enough to stop by with. Sheldon works up a potato-mac salad. SINI (ph): One more time. Hit me one more time. BOURDAIN: Julio carves up unicorn fish, which he caught himself earlier in the day. Chef Mark Tarbell (ph) stuffs a couple of fresh red snappers before throwing them in the oven. This poi pounded fresh out back. And somewhere pig's foot soup is happily bubbling away. (CROSSTALK) (LAUGHTER) [20:50:13] BOURDAIN (on camera): Why do I want to do this? (LAUGHTER) (voice-over): There is chili pepper water used for dipping or taken as an auxiliary shot for regularity or for boner medicine or whatever. (SHOUTING) BOURDAIN: Oh, yeah. There is also Spam noodles. There is no party without Spam. (LAUGHTER) By dinner time, the beer, wine and festive beverages have been flowing for hours. Also, moods have been adjusted, in a completely natural way indigenous to the islands, of course. (on camera): How about Julio and the Pig? (APPLAUSE) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Oh, man. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I have cooked a lot of things. I ain't never seen one poured into a pot neatly. (LAUGHTER) JULIO: It's what I love. This is what we do on the island. This is what it's about. BOURDAIN: Always bring the ohana, bring the family, bring the kids. You rarely ever see a party where there aren't kids. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Ohana means the -- UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Family. BOURDAIN: Extended family. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Like you are now ohana to everybody here. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: So we can borrow money from you. (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN (voice-over): As happens, I have come to find out things end up in the most natural just-kind-of-happens why, song and some dancing. (SINGING) BOURDAIN: This is Willie K. And that's his daughter, Lisette. And it's pretty damn captivating. (SINGING) BOURDAIN: It's getting near the end for me. And I look over at Shep and see a happy man surrounded by friends, by family really -- his ohana. (SINGING) (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [20:56:12] THEROUX: To be Hawaiian to me, there needs to be a sense of connection to a place. Some sense of responsibility for it. It should be about being honest to a place, to be honest to what you love and to be honest to what you value is a road that's constantly trying to be more and more informed. I don't know sometimes how to be fully honest. I don't know enough. What I love about the oceans, that's my path way, that I go on the oceans to seek that sense of truth. BOURDAIN (on camera): They said I can see whales, like close up. I had reasons for optimism. All week I had been staring out to sea watching hump-back whales leaping out of the ocean, spouting and frolicking. (on camera): Are things compared to other parts of the word, are conservation of efforts as far as marine mammal miss if general but whales in particular going well? DR. JOE MOBLEY, UNIVERSITY OF HAWAII: That's the one thing on the planet that is. They are talking about taking humpbacks off the endangered species list. It's good to hear they have recovered but then it may make it easy to add to the whaling list again. BOURDAIN (voice-over): It's mating season in Hawaii for the nearly 10,000 humpback whales that migrate down from southeast Alaska each year. Dr. Joe Mobley, of the University of Hawaii, has dedicated his career to studying these whales. MOBLEY: Yeah, I guess the song is supposed to be the most complex display in the animal kingdom. When you are close, you can feel it through your whole body. Like 180 D.B., really loud. Wow. BOURDAIN (on camera): They don't mind us at all, do they? (MUSIC) BOURDAIN (on camera): Oh, we got it. MOBLEY: That was amazing. BOURDAIN: That was incredible. MOBLEY: Unbelievable. (MUSIC) [21:00:00]  ANTHONY BOURDAIN, CNN HOST (voice-over):  There's no place else even remotely like it.  Everything great and all the world's ills all in one glorious, messed up, magical, maddening, magnificent city. Beirut.  It's good to be back.  (SINGING) BOURDAIN:  The Mediterranean Sea itself trembles.  The ground shakes beneath the wheels of our heavy metal thunder.  Back in Beirut, after all these year years.  The first time I was here did not end well. But it made no difference to me.  I love it here.  In spite of everything, I love it here.   (MUSIC) BOURDAIN (on camera):  Nice ride.  It's a good way to see Beirut.   RAMSEY SHORT, BRITISH-LEBANESE RESIDENT & MEMBER, LEBANESE CHAPTER, HARLEY DAVIDSON GROUP:  This is very similar to that place we went to years ago.  This is your traditional chicken sandwich.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  The roasted chicken was this man's idea, my British-Lebanese friend, born to be wild, Ramsey Short, who I met in the bad old days of 2006.  Apparently, he's in with the Lebanese chapter of the Harley Davidson Group, or HOG for short.   (on camera):  So when you roll into some religiously conservative villages on the bikes and leather jackets, what is the reaction?   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Two types.  Once we were pelted with rice, like they thought we were with a wedding or something really nice, and the other extreme was stones like at the wheels, like just get out of here.   BOURDAIN:  Really? UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Yeah. BOURDAIN:  I wouldn't throw stones at people on Harleys.   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  Whoa.  Look at this.  SHORT:  Let's dig in.   BOURDAIN:  That'll work. (CHEERING) SHORT:  This is a famous neighborhood of the city.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  This area was central during the civil war.   BOURDAIN:  The sheer volume of fire that was poured into some of these buildings is absolutely unbelievable.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  So many have been in the same place over and over. BOURDAIN:  Over and over and over again.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  And over. BOURDAIN:  Clearly.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I notice this every time someone visiting the city, they just point at that.  Oh, look at that.  But you know, we don't see them any more.  Just pass by them.   (SINGING) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Beirut, seemingly the world in miniature.  18 religious sects recognized, more than two million Christians, over a million and a half Shiites, a million and a half Sunni, nearly 500,000 Palestinians.  And now, by some estimates, as many as two million Syrians, all living and somehow getting along, kind of, in a country the size of Connecticut.   [21:05:06]  But along its borders, the country has what you might call serious neighbor issues.  ISIS in Syria threatening to expand its so- called caliphate into Lebanon.   SHORT:  ISIS, in many ways, is something we have never really seen before, a really large well-organized, well-equipped terrorist army.   NICK PATON WALSH, CNN SENIOR INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT:  This country has been absorbing refugees for nearly two year snow.  The country simply can't take any more.   UNIDENTIFIED NEWS CORRESPONDENT:  A quarter of Lebanon's population is now Syrian.  That is the equivalent of the U.S. taking in 83 million Syrians.   PATON WALSH:  The threat is spiraling.  And as you said, the real fear is that violence crosses the border now spilling into an already fragile area.   UNIDENTIFIED NEWS CORRESPONDENT:  Beirut struggles to put a lid on the simmering sectarian tensions.   (SINGING) UNIDENTIFIED NEWS CORRESPONDENT:  The aftermath of Beirut and some of the flashes that took place.   (SINGING) PATON WALSH:  The exchange for Shia for two Palestinian brothers who were shot.   (SINGING) BOURDAIN:  Here, block by block, you see the scars from the 15-year civil war that only ended in the '90s.  But also nightclubs, discos, beaches, bikinis, where much of the Arab world comes to let their hair down.  It is an incongruous mix.   (MUSIC) UNIDENTIFIED NEWS CORRESPONDENT:  All of it, the peoples' fears, the violence since the beginning.   (MUSIC) (CROSSTALK) BOURDAIN:  This Bourjdalmahaj (ph) neighborhood has long been the home to principally Palestinian refugees but more recently it has become an area for Syrians fleeing the arms of President Assad on one hand and the predations of ISIS on the other.  The camp saw heavy fighting, shelling and outright massacres during the religious conflict known as the Lebanese Civil War.  Everywhere, you see posters representing a full menu of political factions and affiliations from Assad loyalists to the PLO to every flavor of extremist.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  A victory for jihad.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  Do you know of any other place in the region where all of these groups are co-existing within a confined space?   PATON WALSH:  It is stunning to be walking down the street behind short skirts and red wine flowing and drive straight into an extraordinarily conservative Shiite district.  It is kind of mind blowing.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  I am not a geo political expert, and as much time as I have spent in this part of the world, I spent nowhere near the amount of time this guy has, Nick Paton Walsh, CNN senior international correspondent.   PATON WALSH:  Most of the groups are more terrified of those crazy Islamist radicals across the border in Syria than they ever have been of each other.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  What do we call this neighborhood?  What is it? PATON WALSH:  It's one of the mixed refugee areas that Beirut has.   BOURDAIN:  Close to two million people from Syria alone?   PATON WALSH:  Yeah.   BOURDAIN:  That's a hell of a lot to be absorbed by a tiny little nation of, what, 4.5 million.   PATON WALSH:  It's just loads of people, people with nowhere to go.   You see it in how cell phones don't sometimes work the way they should, how people have to shift water to their own homes.  That's part bad infrastructure and but also just the sheer demand on resources.  BOURDAIN:  We'll follow you.   UNIDENTIFIED ENGLISH TEACHER:  OK.  The first time in the history a Palestinian leads Americans.   BOURDAIN:  The name is (INAUDIBLE).   (voice-over):  In Syria, Mr. Nashan (ph) was an English teacher. Needless to say, he had at one time a better life back there.   UNIDENTIFIED ENGLISH TEACHER:  I came from Syria after the civil war started.  BOURDAIN (on camera):  Yeah.   [21:10:12]  UNIDENTIFIED ENGLISH TEACHER:  We have many, many problems.  Sectarian problems.  And we don't want to add more problems for those people.  But what can we do?  We live here in this town. Imagine the situation here.  It is unbelievable.   (CROSSTALK) UNIDENTIFIED ENGLISH TEACHER:  He is there, by the way, and he has three kids.  He works construction.  His family bought this to protect from the rats.  These children need medical operation but this family can't pay for those operations.  It is expensive.  They wait for nothing.  They wait for the hand of God.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Straining under the weight of all of these unasked-for guests, the Lebanese government has begun making it very difficult for them.   UNIDENTIFIED ENGLISH TEACHER:  He doesn't work because he doesn't have an official resident so he can't leave the camp.  Otherwise, he will be homeless.   BOURDAIN:  Being stopped at any of the city's ubiquitous military check points could mean a one-way ticket back to Syria.  Trapped, unable to work, they exist invisibly on the margins of society.   UNIDENTIFIED ENGLISH TEACHER:  This is military area.  You don't want to get involved in any problem.   Syrian food.  This is Syria.  It is called the seven countries.  It consists of many kinds of vegetables, seven kinds of fruit.   The refugees in Syria, most of them are well educated, doctors, engineers, lawyers, teachers.   PATON WALSH:  Here now it's the opposite, right?   UNIDENTIFIED ENGLISH TEACHER:  Here in Lebanon, even if you were a doctor or a lawyer or a teacher, you can't work, only in the camp.  We don't know how to go, where to go, to go back to Syria.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  No, can do?   UNIDENTIFIED ENGLISH TEACHER:  To cross the sea.   BOURDAIN:  Yeah.   UNIDENTIFIED ENGLISH TEACHER:  Suppose that there is authority to collect us to throw us away to Syria, what will we do?  We have no area in the world.  We have no place in this universe.  We belong to nowhere.  Nowhere.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  They've come to deliver us.  Hello. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) (MUSIC) [21:16:24]  BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Once known as the "Paris of the Middle East," Beirut still clings to its glamorous 1960s image, a chic tourist destination where you could famously ski and go to the beach all in the same day.  Walking the Cornich (ph), it's easy to forget, for a moment anyway, what's going on not far from here.   (LAUGHTER) (MUSIC) UNIDENTIFIED SECURITY SPECIALIST:  All the people who live here feel safe.  They expand outside of their houses.  And this is one of their traditions.  This is the way I live all my life.   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  Mo is a local security specialist on assignment to keep, well, me and my crew safe from harm.  He lives with his daughter, Bushra (ph), and family in Rost (ph), Beirut, a mixed neighborhood of Christians, Muslims and Jews. (on camera):  A little oil in the middle, as I recall, yes?   UNIDENTIFIED SECURITY SPECIALIST:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  So good.  Very good fish.   I missed this country.  I really did.   UNIDENTIFIED SECURITY SPECIALIST:  You have been here before?   BOURDAIN:  This is my third time.   UNIDENTIFIED SECURITY SPECIALIST:  Oh. BOURDAIN:  My first time was 2006.   UNIDENTIFIED SECURITY SPECIALIST:  Oh. (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  We came here and we had two perfect days and then the war broke out.   (voice-over):  During my first trip here in 2006, Hezbollah guerillas killed three Israeli soldiers and captured two others in a cross- border raid.  In the 34-day war that followed, much of Beirut was heavily pounded by bombs and artilleries.   (on camera):  I fell in love with this city.  I mean, the worst possible situation.  You have this really extraordinary mix of religions and people.  How is that?  Why?  What's so special about it? Why?   UNIDENTIFIED SECURITY SPECIALIST:  Of course, somebody on Friday go to pray, somebody on Sunday go to pray.  They go to the same restaurant and have the same food. (LAUGHTER) They have the same traditions.   UNIDENTIFIED DAUGHTER OF MO:  There is no place better than Lebanon. You have everything.  People are friendly.  Beautiful, fantastic.   BOURDAIN:  It is a democracy here.   UNIDENTIFIED SECURITY SPECIALIST:  Of course.  You have choice to sit down.  I like this.  I don't like this.   BOURDAIN:  So what's it look like now?   UNIDENTIFIED SECURITY SPECIALIST:  We looked like we are two months before 2006.   BOURDAIN:  Oh, wow, that's not good.   UNIDENTIFIED SECURITY SPECIALIST:  Tension is a little bit high but the people, we are very happy.  We are very happy.  I go with my family.   BOURDAIN:  I was watching the news last night in the hotel and it is genuinely terrifying.   UNIDENTIFIED SECURITY SPECIALIST:  This is Lebanon.  It's raining today.  Tomorrow is sunny.  It's happening all the time.  You get used to it.   BOURDAIN:  You get used to it.  Are you concerned or optimistic?   UNIDENTIFIED DAUGHTER OF MO:  Optimistic.   BOURDAIN:  Do your friends feel the same way?   UNIDENTIFIED DAUGHTER OF MO:  Not really.  Not all. BOURDAIN:  Your friends are less optimistic?   UNIDENTIFIED DAUGHTER OF MO:  Yeah.   UNIDENTIFIED SECURITY SPECIALIST:  We have only one good neighbor that don't affect us.  They help us all the time.  We bring the fish and we have fish.   (LAUGHTER) UNIDENTIFIED SECURITY SPECIALIST:  And he never get upset from us.   (MUSIC) [02:21:40]  KENO, SYRIAN-FILIPINO RAPPER:  I'm back here.  We are back in the Hiz House (ph).   (CROSSTALK) KENO (ph):  Yeah, this is radio Beirut.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE).   BOURDAIN:  Is that -- why, yes.  Yes, I think it is.  Ironic glasses, vintage clothing and neck beards.  It appears the Brooklyn strain has spread even to Beirut.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Radio Beirut, live and direct.   KENO:  It is CNN and everything.   CNN has become the most trusted name in news.  Same way a broken clock is trusted to be right twice a day.   CNN changed their slogan from this is CNN to at least it's not FOX News.   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  How is it possible that this mix of religions and cultures?  KENO:  Geographically, Beirut is so tiny.  You have got mountains, the sea, and we're surrounded, and there are so many factions that you have to deal with everybody. (SINGING) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Syrian-Filipino rapper, Keno. KENO (ph):  Monday is hip hop at radio Beirut.  Radio Beirut is like a really awesome place where there is live bands playing all week long.   We created a platform for emcees to try their skills in front of people without judgment.  Although we do judge -- (LAUGHTER) -- but we don't make fun of them.   BOURDAIN:  Lebanese free-style legend, Hussein, aka, Double A, the Preacherman.   (on camera):  You were arrested?   (LAUGHTER) DOUBLE A, THE PREACHERMAN, RAPPER:  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  That's not the first time it happened.   BOURDAIN:  What?   DOUBLE A:  Basically, I was profiled.  If there's an exPLOsion, oh, the big dude with the beard, who is bald.   BOURDAIN:  These are beard related issues.   DOUBLE A:  They are.   BOURDAIN:  Hip hop?   DOUBLE A:  That's the glue that binds us.   BOURDAIN:  What is it about hip hop?   DOUBLE A:  I see it like this.  I mean, a lot of people are aware, in which it's a traditional riming scheme where they speak about their problems.  It's in our core to be poetic.   KENO:  I'm from a background where you have governments that are dictators and we can't really voice anything.   (SINGING) KENO:  We're trying to find our own identity.  We don't want to be like our ancestors fighting each other.  Like, he's Christian, I'm Shiite, he's Syrian Sunni.  That's nothing.  You know?  We don't even mention that when we're on stage. (SINGING) (MUSIC) (COMMERCIAL BREAK) (MUSIC) [21:25:26]  BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Afternoon in Beirut and the Hafaz (ph) family, like many others across the city, prepares dinner.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE)  BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Extraordinary spread of food.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yeah. UNIDENTIFIED GIRL:  (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  All this food, you see, my son wants to go Burger King.  He wants some chicken burger from Burger King.   BOURDAIN:  Thank you so much for having me in your home.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  This is sweet potato.  We call it (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE).  It is a deep fried potato with red pepper, chili, coriander, garlic and lemon juice.  And this is (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE), which is raw meat, lamb, fresh mint, green onion, mixed it all together.  This is (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE), minced meat, baked, green and red pepper and chick peas and tomato and tomato paste.  Please help yourself.   BOURDAIN:  Thank you.   I was in Beirut in 2006.  This neighborhood was hit very hard.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yeah. BOURDAIN:  Were you here at that time?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yeah.   BOURDAIN:  Why this neighborhood?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Because the people of this area, 99 percent, they support Hezbollah.   [21:30:00]  WOLF BLITZER, CNN ANCHOR:  As Israel buries its dead from a surprise Hezbollah missile strike, the radical Shiite group celebrates a victory.  The rhetoric on both sides is a fevered pitch right now.   UNIDENTIFIED CNN CORRESPONDENT:  It is the deadliest Hezbollah attack against Israeli forces since the two sides went to war in 2006.   BOURDAIN:  Hezbollah means the party of God.  They are a Shia military political organization lavishly supported by Iran.  The party is more powerful, more effective on the ground than the Lebanese Army.  The United States officially designates them a terrorist organization.  In 1983, they did this, the U.S. embassy bombing.  And this, the Marine barracks at Beirut's airport.  299 United States and French servicemen were killed.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  All the people.  Please put it down now.   BOURDAIN:  They are dangerous.  They are well funded.  And whatever else they may be, they are not stupid.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I have two sisters I lost.  Hezbollah take care of them.  Here everybody support Hezbollah, even the people who are not religious for one reason, for one reason, because they feel protected by them.   BOURDAIN:  My host's support for Hezbollah, typical of Diahad (ph) neighborhood in south Beirut, is staunch.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Before Hezbollah, Lebanese were always scared Israel.  Now what do they say?  Now we say, Israel, ha, ha.  We don't care.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  In the early days Hezbollah used tactics that just about anyone would call terrorism.  When is it permissible to use a car bomb or using civilian targets?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  For me?   BOURDAIN:  For you?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I'm against killing.  Against killing anybody, even Israel.  This person who I'm going to kill, a car bomb or whatever, does he have family?   BOURDAIN:  What's the most important thing happening in the world right now that needs to be resolved for things to be better?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  ISIS.   BOURDAIN:  ISIS is number one? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Number one.  They kill hundreds and thousands of Shiites.  They are devils.  They are against everything -- like everything on the earth they are against.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Recently Hezbollah has become heavily involved in the war in Syria, in defense of the Assad regime.  Complicating matters and uncomfortably enough, they are probably the best- organized, best-equipped, most serious obstacle to ISIS and al Qaeda in the area.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Most of the villages in eastern Lebanon, they are Christian and they are Sunni.   BOURDAIN:  Correct.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  If Hezbollah wasn't there, it was Christian in  that area.  This is the only reason.  This is the only reason, just to protect my children and my wife.   BOURDAIN:  20 years, 30 years?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yeah.   BOURDAIN:  Will things be better?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I hope so.  That many years, now, next year, I hope things are better.  I hate war.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) (SINGING) (MUSIC) [21:37:48]  BOURDAIN (on camera):  The last two times I've been here, there is just this never-ending building boom.  Nobody seems to be moving in but the buildings are going up. JOUMANA HADDAD, POET & CULTURE EDITOR, AN NAHAR:  Yeah. BOURDAIN:  Who is buying these apartments?  Who are they four? HADDAD:  Two kinds of people, Lebanese, who are living abroad, or Arabs, especially from the gulf region.   BOURDAIN:  Right, for whom Beirut is a relatively liberal wonderland, compared to Riyad, for instance. HADDAD:  Compared to Riyad, yes.  But, unfortunately, we cannot generalize this and say that Beirut is a place where sexual expression is encouraged.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Her books are banned in many countries in the region.  She is regularly threatened with rape, stoning and murder. She is Joumana Haddad, culture editor of Lebanon's biggest newspaper, "An Nahar."   HADDAD:  Yesterday, I had my first TV show about sexual freedom and you cannot imagine how many doors have opened just because I dared say that girls are allowed sexuality like boys.  We pretend to be a democracy.   This is gusta (ph). BOURDAIN (on camera):  Gusta (ph)? HADDAD:  yes, with yogurt sauce and cranberries.   BOURDAIN:  Fried.  Stuffed grape, please.   HADDAD:  Yes.  BOURDAIN:  The fact that Lebanon and Beirut, in particular, works at  all.  All of these religious groups have different interests.  This is a fully functioning, more or less, by world standards.   HADDAD:  Fully functioning. BOURDAIN:  Yeah, this is a -- HADDAD:  We don't have a president.  It's been almost -- going to be a year now that we are without one.   BOURDAIN:  It's sort of awesome.   HADDAD:  Don't you think that the main reason behind you seeing this as a thrilling, exciting place to live in is that you're a visitor and not someone who actually lives here?   BOURDAIN:  Am I wrong to love this place?   HADDAD:  You're not wrong to love it.  I love living on the tip of a volcano, but there has to be some point where I can breathe and relax.  I don't want to seem like I'm only criticizing because I really also, as much as I hate this place, I love it as well.  And I know that it's also very precious to have such a kind of freedom in a place in the Arab world like Beirut.   I don't need to tell you about Islamic State.  Even though they are not inside Beirut yet, we can feel the threat.  We can feel it every day.   [21:40:21]  BOURDAIN:  Should people come here?   HADDAD:  Yes, definitely.  They should come.  They will enjoy it as much as you have.  I wouldn't advise them to stay more than a month, though.   (SINGING)) MICHEL LEFTIARUS (ph), FOUNDER, NRU REVOLUTIONARY GROUP & FOUNDER, BEIRUT MUSIC HALL & SINGER, MUSICIAN:  I often go to Benari (ph) events and I asked them there to call me "Your Highness."  I love it.   (LAUGHTER) So I go there and I dress like an emperor.  Not today.  Sometimes I dress like an emperor.   BOURDAIN:  There have been two attempts on your life, yes?   LEFTIARUS (ph):  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  That you're aware of.   LEFTIARUS (ph):  In Arabic we say (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE).  It means the third one succeeds.  So I don't know when the third one will be.   BOURDAIN:  A young militant, an activist, a labor organizer.  You have been arrested in your life?   LEFTIARUS (ph):  Yes, many times.  When I was 14 years old, for example, I became a Communist in a region that was under control of the extreme right wing militia.  I ended up in a torture room.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Later after joining and then leaving the Lebanese army, Michel Leftiarus (ph) formed the NRU, an armed revolutionary group.   (on camera):  And yet, who you are, your life now is music and culture?   LEFTIARUS (ph):  I think that I was made to be a musician but when war happened, I took a gun.  I understood that I could not face someone who was attacking my house with a guitar.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  In 2003, by now, a music producer, entrepreneur, politician, artist, author and film maker, he founded the Beirut music hall, in a bullet-popped theater empty since the civil war.  This is his kingdom.   LEFTIARUS (ph):  Some people come because it's trendy.  They come with sexy ladies.  Some come because they like to discover new things.   We have every night up to 15 acts, each act coming from a different culture.   BOURDAIN:  Who needs culture?   LEFTIARUS (ph):  I think that culture can save the world.  Someone who had looks, someone to listen to beautiful music cannot become an animal again.   BOURDAIN:  If you were the emperor of the world, hypothetically.   LEFTIARUS (ph):  Hopefully.   BOURDAIN:  Hopefully, what would Beirut be like in 10 years?   LEFTIARUS (ph):  Best-case scenario it goes back to before the creation of Israel, when all communities were living together well. The Jews would be there.  We have a Jewish neighborhood here.  I think we would have to all to be united to fight the monster, ISIS.  Once the monster is defeated, you can start arguing again about other things.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) (MUSIC) [21:48:31]  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Hello. BOURDAIN (on camera):  How you doing?  I'm Tony.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  I am Riwanda (ph). BOURDAIN:  Hi.  This feels very formal.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  But it's not, so please relax.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  I am relaxed.   Can I get my beer?   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  By all means, yes, please.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Lots of people come here.  They are mostly musicians and artsy people.  Lots of jamming here and it's like we're a family hanging out.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  This cafe is a typical Beirut establishment with a clientele from Lebanon, from Syria and any number of other countries.   The owners are both Lebanese and Syrian and acutely aware of the tricky political realities with which they must live.   They were concerned about us filming here and wanted us to understand clearly that the cafe has no political affiliation and that the opinions of this young lady, Lawan (ph), are not that of the cafe or even that of the clientele.   (on camera):  You are born and bred in Syria?   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Yes.  I was born and brought up in Syria, Damascus.  One night, 3:00 a.m., the army entered our house and I found them in our bedroom looking for the Free Syrian Army.  My dad knew he couldn't protect us because he was old.  Three hours later, we decided to leave, so we came to Beirut.   BOURDAIN:  Oh, thank you. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  We always eat here.  Grape leaves are my favorite. BOURDAIN:  I saw you went for that first. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Yeah.   BOURDAIN:  It's delicious. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Yeah, it is. (LAUGHTER) We come here a lot.  We talk about Syria.  We talk about our visa issues most of the time.  Actually now, I have four months left, and I really have no idea what I am going to do.   [21:50:13]  BOURDAIN:  What do you think?  Will they renew your visa?   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  So far, I don't think so.   BOURDAIN:  Do they the arrest you?  Do they take you to the border and kick you over to the other side?  How does that - UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  They send you back to Syria.   BOURDAIN:  What happens if you go back to Syria?   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Most probably die, on the way or, for some people get arrested or be taken to the army.   BOURDAIN:  How different is Damascus from Beirut?   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Oh, it is really, really different.  In Damascus, I was always afraid of the government.  Some people died because they cursed the president.  I left Syria, and I found hope here.  And I screamed in the streets, cursing all of the politicians and everything.   (LAUGHTER) It is all right, nobody is going to come to arrest you.  I really love this place with all of my heart.   BOURDAIN:  Is all of the chaos and the violence worth it for change? Is it worth dying for?  I mean, things were, there was order.  When you grew up, there was order?   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  No freedom, but order.  Would you go back to that?   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  I don't think that there's anything worthy in the world for human blood.  There is nothing more important than human being.   BOURDAIN:  You have never been able to yell out loud, and you have never been able to do the things that you could do right now, you would go back?   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  I was alive.   BOURDAIN:  You were alive? UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Lots of people were alive, too.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) (SINGING) [21:55:55:  PATON WALSH:  Shocking bombing in Lebanon.  We have seen widespread anger and widespread finger pointing.  UNIDENTIFIED NEWS CORRESPONDENT:  This blast has set off a tide of  unrest and civil unrest in Lebanon. (SHOUTING)   (SINGING) (LAUGHTER) (CROSSTALK) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  What better way for capitalists, imperial pig dogs like Ramsey and myself to spend the last evening in Beirut, then Abu Elli (ph).   SHORT:  (INAUDIBLE).  He was an atheist member of the Lebanese Communist Party. BOURDAIN:  A Communist-themed bar located in a housing block.   (on camera):  What is this?   SHORT:  I don't know what, I'm not sure.  It has been put in front of us.   BOURDAIN:  Well, we should drink it and not try to figure it out.   SHORT:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  Vodka.   SHORT:  Vodka.   BOURDAIN:  I had somebody who lives here tell me, oh, this place is very good, and stay the here longer.   SHORT:  Yeah. BOURDAIN:  And I was like, what?   (LAUGHTER) You are trying to kill us, man.  Who is this man?   SHORT:  Yeah, yeah.   BOURDAIN:  He is trying to hurt us.   SHORT:  Cheers.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  And after a more than a few indigenous beverages -- SHORT:  Now we are talking.   BOURDAIN:  Cheers.  SHORT:  Cheers. BOURDAIN: -- enter Ernesto.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Hey, hey.   I have something for you.   BOURDAIN:  Yeah, yeah.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It is a Cuban cigar.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  And in the words of Vladimir Lenin, "Let's get the party started."  Or was that Rick James? SHORT:  Ernest is the son of the owner of this bar. BOURDAIN:  I know. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  My mom, she made some here.  (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) is the cheese.  It is the kind of rotten cheese.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  Here we go. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I called my dad. BOURDAIN:  Yeah? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  And I told him there is a guy called Tony, CNN. He said, I don't watch CNN. (LAUGHTER) And I told him, but he is a cool guy.  He wants to make the best food for you.  This is someone that I know in Beirut.   BOURDAIN:  Is it lamb? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  And spices.   BOURDAIN:  Oh, man, that is good.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE)  BOURDAIN:  Are we picking up a gun or not?   (CROSSTALK) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yeah, we will fight these people.   BOURDAIN:  I'm not. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Oh, no, we have to have it.   (CROSSTALK) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  I seem to remember mom at some point pulling out some kind of automatic weapon.   (on camera):  All right, here you go, big boy. SHORT:  I will take it up in arms, and I will fight.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Let me tell you about it.   (CROSSTALK) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  And then as though descended from the ceiling, Bootsy Collins came on over the intercom system, and the rest dissolved into a fog.   SHORT:  Let's have cheers. (CROSSTALK) BOURDAIN:  They have the worst neighbor problems in the world.  It is amazing that it persists.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  And I have been a number of places, and this the place, it is the world's finest.   (LAUGHTER) SHORT:  I think so, too.   (LAUGHTER) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Here is to Tony, man.   (MUSIC) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Beirut -- everybody should come here. Everybody should see how complicated and deeply troubled and, yet, at the same time, beautiful and awesome the world can be.  Everyone should experience, even as the clouds gather, what's at stake, what could be lost, what's still here, and never let that hope go.   Beirut, there is no place like it. (MUSIC) [19:00:17]  ANTHONY BOURDAIN, CNN HOST (voice-over):  And vacation over, as we headed home to our regular beds, our daily lives of school and homework and ordinary things.  Maybe my little brother, maybe I would wake up and look out the window at the night sky and suddenly it would fill with stars and golden mist, and we'd pretend for a second we were somehow deep inside the Milky May, a million winking lights, but we knew where we really were.  We were almost home.   (SINGING) BOURDAIN:  Oh, enchanted land of my childhood, a cultural Petri dish from which regularly issues forth greatness.   New Jersey, in case you didn't know it, has got beaches, beautiful beaches, and they're not all crawling with raging trolls with reality shows.  I grew up summering on those beaches and they're awesome. Jersey's got farmland, beautiful bedroom communities where that woman from "Real Housewives" who looks like Dr. Zayas (ph) does not live, nor anyone like her.  Even the refineries, the endless clover leaves of turnpikes and expressways twisting in unknowable patterns over the wetlands are to me somehow beautiful.  To know Jersey is to love her.   Ft. Lee, you may have heard of it.  Some of Governor Christie's minions allegedly conspired to jam up traffic for a few days.  It's a town with a jokey history of corruption.  It's also where my beloved Hiram's is, opened since 1932 and pretty much unchanged ever since. My dad started bringing me and my younger brother, Chris, here in the 50s and they still honor tradition.   (on camera):  Sometimes I just the need that old-time flavor again. It seems like a chew food.  Basically, my dad would take me here.  It is a great point of pride and personal satisfaction and I've convinced my daughter that this is the finest hot dogs in the land.  She gets very excited to come out here, which makes me very happy.   Thank you.  Thank you.  This is heat.  The toothpicks are just like 1958.  Some things just shouldn't change.   My dad used to love pickle lily, a relish.  And I loved this stuff. Look at that beauty.   Oh, yeah.   I come here to feed my soul, the cultural wellspring that's New Jersey.  It's the antidote to every other place.   The place is perfect.  The dogs are amazing.   And there are not a lot of people in this world courageous enough to not change.   (voice-over):  Down the shore.  Yeah, we actually talk like that.  It was what we did, go down the shore.  Not just our family, from Bergen County near the bridge, but middle class families and working-class families from Philly and all over who packed up the kids in the station wagon for the seemingly interminable trip to Long Beach Island.   (on camera):  Just getting out the driveway was bad.   CHRIS BOURDAIN, BROTHER OF ANTHONY BOURDAIN:  It always took three extra hours with a loaded-down car. [19:05:05]  BOURDAIN:  There was always drama.  Strapping crap to the roof of the car. (voice-over):  But once we were over the bridge, the excitement would ratchet up.  Ship Bottom, then Surf City, Harvey Cedars (ph), Loveladies (Ph).  Ticking off the town names until finally, finally, Barnegat Light.   (on camera):  These are all new.  Wait, but that's original.   CHRIS BOURDAIN:  Yeah, definitely.   BOURDAIN:  I think I know who lived there at one point.   CHRIS BOURDAIN:  That's definitely old school.   BOURDAIN:  Let's face it.  It's been how many years?  40 --  CHRIS BOURDAIN:  400, I think.   BOURDAIN:  Jesus, we're old.  The lighthouse.   CHRIS BOURDAIN:  Definitely remember going to that lighthouse a lot.   BOURDAIN:  Oh, the good old days.   (LAUGHTER) I want some fried clam strips.   CHRIS BOURDAIN:  Absolutely.   BOURDAIN:  Our options are limited, shall we say, but -- holy crap, this place is filling up.   CHRIS BOURDAIN:  I think it's because it's the only place.   BOURDAIN:  Still, who lives out here year round?   CHRIS BOURDAIN:  We're about to see every single one of them.  BOURDAIN:  Let's be honest.  When we came here in the summer summers,  I was the bad one.   CHRIS BOURDAIN:  Yes, yes.  Your recollection is correct.   BOURDAIN:  I was up to every variety of anti-social behavior down here.  I didn't smoke dope for the first time here.  I was looking for dope, but as a 12-year-old it was hard to come by.   CHRIS BOURDAIN:  I remember you vaguely you walking off with some sort of cute girl.   BOURDAIN:  First kiss.  That was an important passage.   That's good. CHRIS BOURDAIN:  It is good.   BOURDAIN:  I realize now I hitchhiked regularly.   CHRIS BOURDAIN:  Yeah.   BOURDAIN:   Mom, dad, I'm going to go to Ship Bottom tonight with some friends.  How are you getting there?  Hitchhiking.  OK.  Have fun.   CHRIS BOURDAIN:  All the kids hitchhiked.  That's how you got places here.   BOURDAIN:  Summertime.  You know that sound?  Just out of the water, ears pressed up against the beach blanket, the squeak of bare feet on sand nearby, Classics illustrated comics waited for me back at the house.  I'd play with my little plastic army men in the dunes.  And there's a smell of beach grass in the dunes.  You remember it?   CHRIS BOURDAIN:  I still crave it.  I love it.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  And on special occasions, clams and drawn butter.  No matter where I find them now, they always bring me back here.  (on camera):  I remember this place with nothing but fondness.  I can't remember a single bad memory here.   CHRIS BOURDAIN:  It was great. People you knew from last year were here.  A lot of them in the street.  The parents didn't need to be with you.  Have a camp fire on the beach at night.  Firecrackers, all this stuff they wouldn't let you do at home.   BOURDAIN:  The beach would look different.  For a couple of days, the whole beach would be this weird foamy surf, like frothy bubbling.  Now we're talking.   CHRIS BOURDAIN:  Or there would be the jelly fish sometimes where there would be --  BOURDAIN:  Infestation of jelly fish, right.  I try to block that out.  CHRIS BOURDAIN:  That wonderful feeling that you were with other 10 year old along the bank, along the beach.  It was great. BOURDAIN:  I love clam strips.   CHRIS BOURDAIN:  These are great.   BOURDAIN:  These are awesome.  So far, so great.  I'm happy.  Battered piece of fish with some good tartar sauce.   What were your favorite activities?   CHRIS BOURDAIN:  Building a campfire on the beach.   BOURDAIN:  Overturning the lifeguard stand. CHRIS BOURDAIN:  Yes.  Firecrackers on the beach.   BOURDAIN:  Firecrackers on the beach. CHRIS BOURDAIN:   I have some firecrackers in your car, by the way. Just saying.   BOURDAIN:  Set them off in the elevator at the casino.   (LAUGHTER) CHRIS BOURDAIN:  Perfect.  Perfect.   BOURDAIN:  Thank you. (voice-over):  It was paradise.  America's first dream vacation.  The beach, as far as America was concerned, meaning bathing suits and swimming in the surf was pretty much invented here.  Atlantic City, rich or working class, it was here for you.  Back then, you dressed up to walk the Boardwalk.  It was capitalism at its purist and most assertive.  It was a democratic dream designed from the beginning for everybody.  Flashy, utilitarian, upright, deeply, unapologetically corrupt.   The Knife and Fork Inn was right there through it all.  In many ways, its story a perfect reflection of changing times.  Established in 1912, it was a so-called gentleman's dining and drinking club.  The second floor had curtained alcoves and a separate lady's lounge, private rooms on the third and fourth floor were set aside for games of chance and perhaps other activities. Vicki Gold Levi's dad was the chief photographer for Atlantic City from the 1930s to the 1960s.  He saw it all and, by extension, so did Vicki.   [19:10:13]  (on camera):  What was it like here as a kid?   VICKI GOLD LEVI, ATLANTIC CITY HISTORIAN:  It was fantastic.  Walking down the Boardwalk in the summertime was like walking in a carnival at midway, the cacophony of noises. BOURDAIN:  There was still remnants of the '20s.   GOLD LEVI:  Yeah.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  That sensibility, that look, handle bar mustaches, Victorian graphic design and illustration, the weird stuck- in-time feel was still very much in evidence, even in my time here in the early 60s.  The Boardwalk was over six miles of amusements, entertainments, parades, and pageants, a never-ending carnival.   GOLD LEVI:  Every place you went down the Boardwalk was something else to see and all the stores were mom-and-pop stores, all very unique.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  Yes.   GOLD LEVI:  And I loved it. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  The world-famous steel pier, amusement arcades, novelties, salt water taffy.   (on camera):  I loved the joke shops.   GOLD LEVI:  The joke shops.   BOURDAIN:  It was a wonderland of juvenile delinquency.  Everybody was buying plastic dog crap and -- GOLD LEVI:  Yes. (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  -- vomit and smoke powder.  It was just something very sinister and forbidden.  And my parents indulged me when I was here. (voice-over):  The menu has changed somewhat since the original.  For me, a very tasty pretzel-crusted swordfish over lump crab meat.  For Vicki, pan-seared scallops.   (on camera):  My memories of Atlantic City are largely built around the time before gambling.  Times were not good.  I mean, the Marlboro (inaudible), I remember it well, was largely empty, but it was a magnificent structure.   GOLD LEVI:  You and I like the nostalgia.  The people who like Coney Island like it, but I don't know about the young people.   BOURDAIN:  Beautiful buildings are beautiful buildings.  A beautiful view is a beautiful view forever.   GOLD LEVI:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  There's no other place with this kind of history and legitimacy.  This place has deep romantic allure.   GOLD LEVI:  I agree with you.  I believe in the transition that's coming.  I really, really do, with all my heart.   BOURDAIN:  Hundreds of businesses used to be here.  It's not a matter of, gee, that would be great if that happened again.  It is inevitable that it will happen again.  It's worth fixing.  Atlantic City can be chic easily because the bones, the skeleton of the city are beautiful.  GOLD LEVI:  I'm glad you feel that way.   BOURDAIN:  There is even, in young people, particularly now, beautiful old things.  A beautiful old restaurant with really great food -- GOLD LEVI:  That we're in right now? BOURDAIN:  -- is much more interesting than a glass box with good food.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [19:15:59]  BOURDAIN:  The names of Atlantic City streets were imprinted on generations of Americans who grew up playing Monopoly. Drive down Ventnor Avenue today and you see history.  Te ebb and flow of America's hopes and dreams played out in the buildings and homes you see as you pass by.  Magnificent mansions mixed in with inexpensive two-family houses, cheap takeout, the footprints of a lost world.  The Riviera of the northeast still there if you look between. With jet travel in Miami and an expanded highway system, things declined, as they do.  But a few visionary geniuses presented a solution, a cure that would overnight make everybody well, make Atlantic City shiny and new and prosperous again.  Men like Donald Trump.   (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) DONALD TRUMP, CEO, TRUMP GROUP:  I think it's going to be really very beneficial to everybody.  We look forward to operating the Taj Mahal successfully for many years to come.   (END VIDEO CLIP) BOURDAIN:  Vast new Xanadus would be construction.  And would-be Kubla Khan's rushed to Atlantic City eager to tap into what was assured to be a never-ending gusher of prosperity, casino gambling.   (on camera):  When casino gambling was sold to the state of New Jersey and to Atlantic City as the cure-all, it was going to bring it back to its glory days, did it change anything?   BRIAN DONOHUE, NEW JERSEY REPORTER:  When you drove around today, do you think this place is better than it was?  Do you think it helped?   BOURDAIN:  No, I don't.   (voice-over):  New Jersey native, Brian Donohue, is a reporter with 20 years experience focusing on south Jersey.   Dock's Oyster House, an establishment that survived Prohibition, the Great Depression, two world wars, numerous declines, and rebirths. Still here, still great, a symbol of what Atlantic City was, and should be again, could be again.   DONOHUE:  Bringing Atlantic City back after its decline is a very complicated and hard process.  There was no easy answer.  Casino gambling was seen as an easy answer.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  Yes.  It sure sounded like a good idea.   DONOHUE:  They were going to bring 12 casinos here and bring everybody up from the top, down.  It hasn't worked.  Then you're left with just 12 casinos-  BOURDAIN (voice-over):  If you're looking for an example of a lemming- like lurch towards a shinny new cliff face from which to tumble, look no further than this $2.4 billion goat rodeo, the Revel.  It opened in 2012 and closed less than two years later.  The most expensive casino in New Jersey history.   DONOHUE:  It was incredible. BOURDAIN (on camera):  What were they thinking?   DONOHUE:  Short-term, money, and at a time when all these other casinos were opening all over the entire east coast.   BOURDAIN:  It was nuts.  It's economics 101.   (voice-over):  Casinos, by design, neglect the city's existing assets, salt air, a walk by the glorious North Atlantic, the greatest of all the earth's bodies of water, the classic attractions, the restaurants.  DONOHUE:  This is what it is going to take for Atlantic City to come back.  But it's going to be places like this.  Celebrate the ghosts.   BOURDAIN:  Some nice crab cake, at Dock's, a big freaking lobster stuffed with crab imperial, plum souffle.  Those things are bad for business, the business of taking your money.   (on camera):  Thank you so much.  Lovely.  That'll work.   That's good.   I don't want to sound like I'm down on Atlantic City, because I see it as an incredibly almost ludicrously hopeful place.  Whatever is left of it should be hung onto because it is going to come around  (on camera):  There's nothing funny about losing all your money, yet casinos are steady employers of that most hard-working species entertainer.  Comedians Rich Vos and Bonnie McFarlane are two of the hardest-working people around.  Married to each other and New Jersey. [19:20:03]  RICH VOS, COMEDIAN:  It's so much money to live here.  I drove three exits on the Jersey Turnpike, it was $7.  If you drive a whole new Jersey Turnpike, when you get to the end, you have to give them your car.  (LAUGHTER) BONNIE MCFARLANE, COMEDIAN:  I'm going to tell you something that I don't tell people right away.  I'm very passionate about it.  No animal byproducts of any kind.  I'm vegan.  I do cheat a little.  I eat veal.   (LAUGHTER) It's so tender.  How do they get it like that?   BOURDAIN (on camera):  I'm very sentimental about Jersey Italian, particularly spaghetti and meatballs.  That's what I was going to go for. VOS:  I've eaten here at least five to ten times and I've never had a bad meal, ever.   BOURDAIN:  All right.   VOS:  I wouldn't get the meatballs.   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  Proud long-time residents of New Jersey?   MCFARLANE:  No.  I've lived here for nine years, but only been proud maybe the last two.   It's a real long time this sort of -- BOURDAIN:  Picking up the speed? MCFARLANE:   Yeah. BOURDAIN:  Born and bred? VOS:  Yes, my whole life. MCFARLANE:  He won't leave.  I had to make peace with him. BOURDAIN:  When was the first time you played Atlantic City?   VOS:  There was a club at the Sands.  Many times I would get paid on Thursday and then I would lose it all and then I'd have to work for free.  There's no worse feeling.   BOURDAIN:  Oh, I know that feeling.   VOS:  Have you ever watched a couple in Atlantic City?  Hold this money.  Don't give it back to me no matter what I tell you.  I don't care what I say.  An hour later, give me my god damn money.   (LAUGHTER) No, I'm not fooling around.  You better give me my money.  (LAUGHTER) You're the reason I'm losing, touching my arm when I'm shooting craps.  (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  Is there a specifically Jersey sense of humor that you've noticed? MCFARLANE:  Yes, I love Jersey audiences now so much.  I have never one time ever said anything where people in the audience have said, ah.  They never get offended.   We all have our words that we don't like, the one's that affect us the most.  I have my trigger words.  As a white woman, the word I don't like is no.   (LAUGHTER) I don't hear it that often, but when I do, huh-uh.   (LAUGHTER) VOS:  Here's the deal with Jersey.  People land up north and they drive up the turnpike.  They don't turn off and go up and -- (CROSSTALK) BOURDAIN:  They see refineries.   VOS:  That's New Jersey.  How sick is that? BOURDAIN:  I think it's beautiful?   MCFARLANE:  More horses per capita than any other state.   BOURDAIN:  New Jersey is the embroidery capital of the world. VOS:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  Apparently.  I don't know where that's happening. VOS:  I used to work for an embroidery company.   MCFARLANE:  No. VOS:  I swear to god.   I'll call her right now.   BOURDAIN:  This is a taste of my youth.   For all of the things about New Jersey, will people ever come across the bridge and the tunnel in the other direction?   MCFARLANE:  No.  (LAUGHTER) VOS:  No?  OK.   MCFARLANE:  I did not have to think about that.   BOURDAIN:  Let's go out to a club in Jersey.   VOS:  No. (CROSSTALK) VOS:  It's all relative.  A 25-year-old guy or girl is going, we're not going to Jersey.  A 60-year-old person is going, I'm getting the (EXPLETIVE DELETED) out of this city.   MCFARLANE:  There's your answer.  Never going to be you.   VOS:  Where does hipness stop?  At what age?   MCFARLANE:  Hipness is overrated.   VOS:  Yeah, it is overrated.  I love living here.  I love it. Pine Valley, the best golf course in the country.  Trump has beautiful courses.  BOURDAIN:  Trump, I'm not a fan.   VOS:  Who is?   BOURDAIN:  Every minute that he walks, it demands a certain complicity to not shout out, look at that ridiculous looking -- (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  -- head.  It's like if you have a disfigurement.  That tacit agreement I'm not going to bring it up.  That's too much to ask of me in Trump's case.  I want to scream.   VOS:  Do you know why he puts his names on the building?  So the banks know which ones to take back.   (LAUGHTER) At least he's a humble guy.   (LAUGHTER) VOS:  Jesus.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [19:27:40]  BOURDAIN:  There are few American cities, places where things have gone as disastrously wrong as Camden, New Jersey.  It's like the poster child for everything a city can screw up.  Once a manufacturing power house, home to the New York Shipbuilding Corporation, The Campbell Soup Company, and RCA Victor Records, a company town.  About 80,000 people live here today.  That's the same number of people who were employed in its heyday.  Nearly 40 percent of the city's high school students don't graduate.  The entire police force replaced by the state.  More than one-third of city residents live below the poverty line.  Voter turnout, not good.  If there's any place one can be forgiven for just throwing your hands up in the air and giving up, it's here.  But no.  Cities with serious problems need extraordinary people.  And Tawanda Jones is clearly an extraordinary person.   TAWANDA JONES, NEW JERSEY RESIDENT:  When you give, especially to someone who is really in need, you know, I feel -- it makes me feel complete.   BOURDAIN:  Her late grandfather, Walter Green Jr, was a former military man, and employee of RCA and a body guard for the great boxer, Jersey Joe Walcott.   JONES:  He was just like the protector.  If you need anything, you go to Mr. Dynamite.  That was his nickname.   BOURDAIN:  He was also a man who believed in being part of the community.  When Tawanda was 15, she was asked to lead a local drill team.  Unfortunately, it soon lost its funding.  Walter purchased uniforms and drums to get it its start.   (CHANTING) BOURDAIN:  Today, CSS, the Camden Sophisticated Sisters Drill Team, which includes the distinguished Brothers in Taps, the almighty percussion sound, have over 320 participants.   (MUSIC) [19:30:00]  JONES:  Good job, babies.  Good job.  Clap it up for yourself.  Clap it up.   (LAUGHTER) We meet at stalwart Tony & Ruth Steaks, still doing what they do.   JONES:  It doesn't get any better than this. BOURDAIN:  What was Camden like back in the good ole days?  JONES:  Oh, my god.  It was so different coming up when I was younger. I didn't have to work about my life being threatened coming outside. The neighborhood, everybody knew everybody.  That sense of community was strong back then.   BOURDAIN:  You were talking about your childhood as if it was a real long time ago.  It's not that long ago. (LAUGHTER) JONES:  All right. (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  What the hell went wrong? JONES:  People can blame it on the politics, but I think that's too easy.  Many have failed our children but it's up to the parents to really start getting more involved in the kids' education.  You know, know what your child is doing.   BOURDAIN:  You're putting it principally on the parents.   JONES:  Absolutely.   BOURDAIN:  This is tasty.   JONES:  This is delicious.   BOURDAIN:  So the conventional wisdom seems to be, get out of Camden. Why are you still here?   JONES:  Because the need is still in Camden.  If every decent person leaves Camden, then we never a chance.   (MUSIC) JONES:  In order to be a part of the program, they have to maintain a "C" average or better.  It's all about the academics.  It's all about nurturing these kids.  What's right, what's wrong, you know.  The drum team does that.  They have different things they go by every day.   (CHANTING) JONES:  They believe this.  They say it so much until it is embedded.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Tawanda has helped CSS support it with financial assistance, some fundraising, temporary help and donations from small businesses.  Surprisingly with a group of a national profile no lasting support from official organizations or national institutions, public or private.  Yet, she perseveres.   (on camera):  A lot of your practices are done outdoors? JONES:  Right. BOURDAIN:  All weather type of a situation. JONES:  Yes.  We've been under bridges, everything.  Over 28 years, we've been outside.  Their safety is the most important to me, but it's been a blessing and a curse.  You'll have the corner boys come up and ask you are you having practice outside today.  I'll say yeah, and they'll say, today is not a good day.  I'm like, OK.  All right. Thank you very much.   BOURDAIN:  That's nice.   JONES:  Right.  I appreciate it.  Trust me.   BOURDAIN:  How do you keep the kids off the corner?   JONES:  I'm quite aware that times are hard, but I just try to show them an alternative route.  There's so much more out there than this. Some call me major pain, but it's all out of love.  They need to discipline in life to go to work, to go to school.   (MUSIC) BOURDAIN:  They're doing it because it's fun.   JONES:  Right.   BOURDAIN:  But it's hard.  And they're doing it. JONES:  Yeah.   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  You're asking people to do a hard thing and they're doing it.   JONES:  Yeah.   BOURDAIN:  And I got to ask, I'm going to guess in the years that you've been doing this you've had to have had your heartbroken many times.  You've had to see kids that you've really believed in fall by the wayside and I'm guessing a lot.  How do you go on?   JONES:  We have a lot of sad stories, but our good outweighs the bad. I keep going just for that reason.  You know, before I was a little hard on myself and I used to think that I could save all the kids, I know that's not the case.  I just do the best that I can do.  And I just pray the next kid doesn't fall by the wayside.   BOURDAIN:  How do you not become cynical?  Do you harden your heart?   JONES:  No, actually, I have to replenish myself or I'm not going to be good to them or my own family.  These kids are precious cargo to me.  Some of them have the responsibility of a 30-something-year-old. They're holding down their homes and they're only kids.  No kid should have to go through that.   BOURDAIN:  25 years down the road, what do you think Camden is going to be like?   JONES:  I'm praying that it turns into the Camden that I remember, and I know that I'm helping our future leaders to become a part of that change.  There's no doubt in my mind that there's going to be a positive Camden.  No doubt.   BOURDAIN:   You're going to stay?   JONES:  I'm not going anywhere.  My pop-pop didn't leave.  I'm not leaving.  (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Yeah, I know.  Philadelphia is right over there, right across the Ben Franklin Bridge, the center of the cheesesteak universe, but what if it isn't?  They're better than that. They're bigger than that.  And the best cheesesteak in the area might well come from New Jersey.   Donkey's, opened by Leon Lucas 71 years ago.  A heavyweight contender in the 1929 summer Olympics in boxing, he was known in his time of the cavalry as the Donkey.   ROBERT LUCAS, OWNER, DONKEY'S:  They said he got kicked by a mule.   BOURDAIN:  His son, Robert, runs the joint now. This is what they do here.  Behold, the Jersey cheesesteak.   LUCAS:  Pleasure to meet you.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  So this is the best cheesesteak in south Jersey, unless I'm mistaken?   LUCAS:  New Jersey.   BOURDAIN:  New Jersey, period?   LUCAS:  Yeah.   BOURDAIN:  Is there a difference between Jersey style and Philadelphia style?   [19:35:11]  LUCAS:  We do ours on a round poppy seed Kaiser roll.   BOURDAIN:  Really.  I'll have one of those.  That's the way to go. Anything I need to know? LUCAS:  No.  A regular, just cheese and onions. BOURDAIN:  Beautiful. LUCAS:  I need one, boys. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  It's round.  It's got steak, spices, browned onions, real American cheese, such as it is, and a poppy seed roll.   (on camera):  Fantastic.  Thank you, sir.   (voice-over):  And it is sublime.   (on camera):  Relish, what do you think?   LUCAS:  Hot pepper, a little bit.   BOURDAIN:  A little bit?  I drove a long way for this.  I was thinking about it the whole way.  Man, this should be like national landmark right away.  This sandwich  is unbelievably good.   LUCAS:  Thanks.   BOURDAIN:  Really a thing of beauty.   LUCAS:  That's a good thing to here.   BOURDAIN:  (INAUDIBLE) LUCAS:  We get a lot of people from Philly.   BOURDAIN:  No way.  Philly? LUCAS:  Sure. BOURDAIN:  Wow.  That's treason.  Do they change their plates on their car or wear a disguise?   (LAUGHTER) LUCAS:  The poppy seeds help. BOURDAIN:  Yeah, I like this role.  It's awesome.  It's delicious.  I think we' got something here today.  Jersey cheesesteaks, I'm not saying they're better than Philadelphia -- yeah, I am actually.  This is great.   LUCAS:  Glad you enjoyed it.    (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [19:40:18]  BOURDAIN (voice-over):  The forests and empty spaces of New Jersey are vast and often empty of everything but legend.  You live here if you like a quieter life of not being messed with.  1.2 million acres of Atlantic cedar, swampland, forests.  It goes on and on, seemingly, at times, forever.  It's easy to get lost.   (SINGING)  BOURDAIN:  When I was a kid, as we passed through the pine barrens on the way to the shore, we'd joke about Pineys, the strange, possible inbred tribes of people who lived out there -- (SINGING) BOURDAIN:  -- somewhere between the trees.   (SINGING) BOURDAIN:  That's what we believed anyway.   Paul Evans Peterson, jeweler, musician, author, and proud Piney.  We meet at the disconcertingly friendly Lucille's in Warren Grove for a delicious breakfast.  PAUL EVANS PETERSON, MUSICIAN, AUTHOR & "PINEY":  The legend of the  New Jersey devil was Mother Leeds had 12 kids.  Found herself pregnant with a 13th and said, may this child be a devil.  There's many legends told about it.  That legend says that when the Jersey devil was born, it morphed into this creature and flew up the chimney in the night. Other legends say it killed everybody in the room.    It's supposed to have the head of a horse, wings of a bat, hooves. People have seen horns on it.  It breathes fire.  It has a real long tail with a triangle on it.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  It sounds like My Little Pony with a fork tail. It doesn't sound frightening to me.   PETERSON:  It's supposed to have big red eyes some people say the head of a goat.   BOURDAIN:  A goat is a little bit scarier.   (SINGING) BOURDAIN:  What's out there?  Who are Pineys?  Do they roam the forests at night searching for souls to capture?   PETERSON:  No.  No.  Pineys are people who live in the pine barrens. They was a time long ago that if you would have called somebody like that a piney, they got shot.  Now people embrace it.  People like to be thought of as living off the land.  They have bumper stickers now, Piney Power. BOURDAIN:  How do you make your living?   PETERSON:  It is good to farm blueberries and cranberries.  A lot of fishing, a lot of clamming.  Hopefully, the oystering is coming back in the Delaware Bay.  The bay supported a lot of jobs. BOURDAIN:  The pine barrens have settled it for a long time.   PETERSON:  A long time.  Some of the first people who came here were the glass makers.  It's all the incredible sand we have here called sugar sand.  It's pure white and it is perfect for making glass, to the point where it didn't have to be washed or processed any other way.  There were hundreds of glass workers.  They're just ruins now.   (MUSIC) BOURDAIN:  Thank you.  All right.  Thank you.   So, it's not like the rest of Jersey here.   PETERSON:  No, and I hope it stays like that.  It's like a Jersey unto itself.  Like here, like you saw.  It's a long drive to get anywhere.   BOURDAIN:  That's good, by the way.  That's really good.   PETERSON:  Ain't it great?  (COMMERCIAL BREAK) (MUSIC) [19:47:57]  BOURDAIN (voice-over):  You want to talk mythic, epic, storied, that sort of thing?  Welcome to Asbury Park, wellspring of American music of a certain kind.  Home to, yes, the Boss, and the Jersey national anthem, "Born to Run."   (SINGING) BOURDAIN:  Springsteen, Bon Jovi, Little Stephen, but before them there was this man, Southside Johnny, who pretty much created the template for the Jersey sound.  And it could have only been this place that changed music and lyrics forever.   (SINGING) (on camera):  Asbury Park, it's had a reputation as being a happy hunting ground for musicians because what?  A lot of bars?   SOUTHSIDE JOHNNY, SINGER & MUSICIAN:  A lot of bars.  It just was a tradition of dance pleasure.  When is funny because the town was started not to have alcohol and not that kind of music, but after awhile, the pressure was too much for entertainment for people to come here, and it morphed into an R&B; and rock and roll history.   BOURDAIN: Most bars don't hire musicians.  They don't hire bands. They're too much trouble -- (CROSSTALK) SOUTHSIDE JOHNNY:  This is the Jersey shore.  The Jersey shore means people want entertainment.  It's not just hard-drinking people. People are here on vacation in the summer. BOURDAIN:  Atlantic City didn't have that reputation?   SOUTHSIDE JOHNNY:  Well, we're not Atlantic City.  We're Asbury Park.   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  Right. (MUSIC) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  As I always like to say, good is good forever. Great music, great songs, and a classic Jersey sandwich.  And at Frank's, they honor that New Jersey tradition with assertive layers of sliced ham, provolone, tomato, onions, shredded lettuce.  You have your roasted peppers in there.  And most important, your oil and vinegar that marries it all together into a soggy, glory vehicle of deliciousness.   (on camera):  Here we go.  Thank you.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Enjoy. BOURDAIN:  It's such a beautiful thing that they shred the lettuce and everything.  You used to come here as a kid?   [19:50:01]  SOUTHSIDE JOHNNY:  Yeah.  My father would order a pastrami sandwich and I'd eat a third and he's eat the rest of it.  Then my brother would eat eggs and bacon.  So we had to order what he liked. He was a real trencherman.  He could really eat.   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Asbury Park, like its close cousin, Atlantic City, with whom it had so much in common, suffered much the same problems.  14 years ago, last time I came, it was a shell of itself, dying, the beaches empty, a sad and forlorn place.  Unlike Atlantic City, Asbury Park fought to fix itself to become again the kind of place that anybody would want to live in.  They didn't look for a magic bullet like casino gambling.  To a great extent, they succeeded by keeping alive what made Asbury Park special.  They hung on to what was important.   Like this place, where any overgrown child still wants to play.   (on camera):  Thank god.  What?  Tilt.  Oh.  No, way.  That's delicate.   Come on, hit, baby.  Hit.  Oh, man.  Oh.   This is important for children.   SOUTHSIDE JOHNNY:  I think so.  Your first exposure to racy images of women are all set in some sort of 20s fetish alternative universe. And it teaches you shame and humility when you lose.   BOURDAIN:  Exactly.  The limits of how much you can break the rules before it tilts.   SOUTHSIDE JOHNNY:  I think they should have tilt for all sorts of things.   BOURDAIN:  I think so, too.   SOUTHSIDE JOHNNY:  You step over the line in a bar talking to a young lady, tilt.   BOURDAIN:  Tilt. SOUTHSIDE JOHNNY:  That way you know you got to start again.   Oh, I tilted it already.  I barely touched it.  What are you talking about?   BOURDAIN:  That's what they all say.   (CROSSTALK) SOUTHSIDE JOHNNY:  Oh, god.  Let me play!  (COMMERCIAL BREAK) (MUSIC) [19:56:17]  BOURDAIN:  As I like to say, good is good forever.  The Atlantic Ocean will always be magnificent.  Looking at it, always a humbling, even educational experience.  It teaches us that men come and go.  But no matter how foolish or outsized their dreams, how badly they screw up, what we do here at the ocean's edge, the sea will outlast us.  Will always draw us to her edges.  When necessary, it will crush us.   (on camera):  We look at the Taj, completely oblivious to everything going on around her.   CHRIS BOURDAIN:  Yeah. BOURDAIN:   And that has got to be the most butt-ugly building ever.   (LAUGHTER) CHRIS BOURDAIN:  I noticed last night that some of the lights on the sign of the building are out.   BOURDAIN:  Yeah. CHRIS BOURDAIN:  It's like truck.   BOURDAIN:  Something like that.   CHRIS BOURDAIN:  Or tump.  Or rump.   BOURDAIN:  It is perfect, actually, if you think of Trump as carnival barker.  His operation is designed to attract ruse and empty. CHRIS BOURDAIN:  Yeah. BOURDAIN:  Sort of a perfect metaphor here.   CHRIS BOURDAIN:  Yeah. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  I hate sweets.  But I'm a sucker for nostalgia.  You can't go back.  I can't go back.  How I wouldn't, even if I could.  I sure don't want to ever have to be a teenager again. But those tastes and smells of childhood, they work still.   You're telling me you were not a big saltwater taffy fan.   CHRIS BOURDAIN:  I remember it was hard to chew.   BOURDAIN:  You had braces, remember?  This was probably problematic for it.   CHRIS BOURDAIN:  I don't know.  I can't remember having braces at that point.  BOURDAIN:  I don't like candy generally but these have a mystical hold  on me.   Even the color of the wrapper has this weird, you know, like there should be music playing in the background.   Molasses, I remember that.  Getting a bunch of those.   I don't know why.  Certain flavors really resonate.  The peanut, I know exactly what that tastes like.  I remember the vanilla.  Really powerfully.  I'm not even a vanilla guy.  I'm more of a chocolate guy.  CHRIS BOURDAIN:  I think I remember pink ones.  They must have had strawberry.   BOURDAIN:  Winter green I remember.   CHRIS BOURDAIN:  Licorice sounds good.   BOURDAIN:  Peppermints.  Keep these in the car.   CHRIS BOURDAIN:  Looks like cookies and cream.  Does it melt?   BOURDAIN:  That's a lot of taffy.   CHRIS BOURDAIN:  Yeah.   BOURDAIN:  This stuff isn't bad for you.  Eat as much as you want.   CHRIS BOURDAIN:  Is it gluten free?   BOURDAIN:  It's all natural.   CHRIS BOURDAIN:  That's what I thought.   (MUSIC) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Atlantic City will never die.  Good is, indeed, good forever.  And Atlantic City will be great again, Asbury Park, Camden, all of my home state.  I'm convinced when the tide has come and washed all the greed heads away, we'll once again be magic. I hope I'm there to see it.   [19:00:00]  ANTHONY BOURDAIN, CNN HOST (voice-over):  And I guess that's what it comes down here.  All of it.  Led here.  I write a book, I get a TV show, I live my dreams, I meet my hero.  Two old men on a beach.   (SINGING) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Everything changes.  Nothing changes at all.   (SINGING) BOURDAIN (on camera):  Drinking at 4:30 in the afternoon, it's the perfect time, when the light is just right.  It's important.  Also it's not too crowded.  It's quiet.  A man can have a drink, a pint, in a dignified fashion, free of care.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Ice, son?   BOURDAIN:  No, thank you.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Here you go.   BOURDAIN:  Thank you so much.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  So you're on holiday?   BOURDAIN:  Sort of.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  It's your first time in Glasgow?   BOURDAIN:  No, I've been in a number of times before.  I haven't been in the oldest pub before.  Oldest in --  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  1510.   BOURDAIN:  1510.  Amazing.   (voice-over):  From my very first time, it was Glasgow, my favorite city in Scotland, one of my favorite cities on earth.  I was going to say one of my favorite cities in Europe, but is Glasgow Europe?  I don't think so.  It feels somehow older than that.   To many outsiders, Glasgow is seen as a hard-scrabble, even fearsome place, a place that history has moved on from, but there is definitely a sense here that something different is around the corner.  UNIDENTIFIED NEWS ANCHOR:  It'll be one of the most important events  in Scottish and British history.  More than four million people will decide whether Scotland should stay in the U.K. or become an independent country.   UNIDENTIFIED NEWS ANCHOR:  Will Scotland stay or will it leave the union?   UNIDENTIFIED NEWS ANCHOR:  Scottish independence could mark the beginning of the end of the U.K. as we know it.   BOURDAIN:  But in the end, 55 percent of Scotts voted to stay in the union.  That left almost half the population still hungry for independence.  And with 17.5 percent of teenagers voting yes, England had its undies in very much in a bunch over the possibility of an unraveling of the union with Scotland.  It's an idea that is overwhelmingly popular in this city above all others. (CHEERING) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Glasgow is a gutsy city.  A different outlook.  A new generation.  But I still here the cries of yesterday.   (CHEERING) BOURDAIN:  Why does the possibility of independence have such a powerful hold on Glasgow?  The past.  Glasgow has along endured, among other things, a reputation for being the most violent area in the U.K. It's a familiar cycle, analogous in  many ways to what we see elsewhere: hard times, a disappearing manufacturing base, unemployment, a general sense of apathy that the government can't or won't fix what's broken, that in the corridors of power of London and Edinburgh, they just don't give a shit about Glasgow, especially Glasgow's east side.   Like most cities, like most cities, in fact, Glasgow is divided.  The river divides the north and south sides.  But the bigger, more tangible divide is between east and west.  The west, things are expected to be, well, nice.  Nice cars, nice families, all the nice stuff that affluence supposedly brings.  East side, that's where you grow up hard, where things are rougher, where you've got, according to popular legend, to fight to live every day.   [19:05:59]  JOHN CARNOCHAN, FORMER DETECTIVE, STRATHCLYDE POLICE:  In Scotland, if you're a young boy in Scotland and you're 9 or 10 and you're coming home from school, a big guy beats you up and you run home to your mum crying, you know what she'll do?  She'll give you a cuddle and then she'll tell you get back there and get him.  Don't let anybody ever do that to you.  That's what we do.  And it makes us dangerous enemies, resourceful enemies, but it also makes us very loyal allies.   BOURDAIN:  Detective John Carnochan, 38 years on the job, much of it is murder police on the east side.  He's seen it all.  Confronted with violent hooliganism, the traditional approach has been to get out there, bust some heads, lock up some perpetrators.  But after decades of dealing with generation after generation of violence, much of it gang related, he took a controversial new tactic.  Along with a colleague, he established a new unit within the Strathclyde police called the Violence Reduction Effort and focused their efforts on the social problems that he felt led directly to violent crime.  His peers, unsurprisingly, we dubious.  But as of 2014, Scotland is at a 40 year low of violent crime.  Retired from the force, Carnochan now advices law enforcement around the world.  When in town, though, he likes to come here, typical Scottish fare, mother India, for a lamb curry served in spicy gravy served with traditional non-Scottish bread.   CARNOCHAN:  I know Glasgow is a traditionally tough town.  I've always seen it as a warm and welcoming place.  It's always been one of my favorite places in this part of the world to visit.  Do you think the town's reputation is deserved or is this a --    CARNOCHAN:  Nope.  I mean in terms of labeling the violence, the fights are the fights.  That's there.  But statistically, if you don't live or come from Glasgow, your chances of being a victim of a violent attack in Glasgow is something like .000.   BOURDAIN:  I've never, ever, ever felt -- and I've done a fair amount of stupid behavior here, a fair amount of drinking, a fair amount of putting myself in the sort of situations they advise visitors to a new town not to take.   (LAUGHTER) I've never felt uncomfortable here.  I could be wrong in that, after a few drinks, I notice that I don't understand anyone.   (LAUGHTER) They could be making various threats of violence to me at the bar, and I could just be smiling and nodding.   (LAUGHTER) (voice-over):  Indian food is, of course, huge here as it is everywhere in the U.K.  You could venture to guess that the cold, damp weather causes the heart to yearn for food from spicy climates.  But it's more likely it began with the trade routes established by the East India Company in the 17th century, the returning sailors.  And that whole takeover India thing, all I can say is pass the roginhash (ph).   (on camera):  So how do you reduce violence?  I mean, traditionally, we would just get more police.  Get out there, crack some skulls, throw some people in jail, and problem solved.   CARNOCHAN:  Yeah. BOURDAIN:  A good number of Americans probably still believe that very much.  We're very fond of throwing people in prison.  To suggest otherwise would be seen as coddling criminals.  CARNOCHAN:  Absolutely, and it was the same here.  We started to think  about it in an entirely different ways.  Violence is a public health issue.  We all have the capacity for violence.  People at home learn not to be violent.  That's why (INAUDIBLE).  Because things that happen then will affect their whole life course about how they make decisions about themselves and how they judge risk.  No matter how good the police service is, it will just contain and manage the problem.  It won't make it better.   [19:10:09]  BOURDAIN:  First of all, it's not what I expect to hear from somebody who spent 30 years with murder police, presumably busting heads and arresting people, that we should hug these bastards more?  CARNOCHAN:  Yes, absolutely.   BOURDAIN:  That we should make them feel like they're worth something. I mean, I get it.  I believe it, absolutely.  But everything you've been saying is no way to run for office in my country.  (LAUGHTER) CARNOCHAN:  This is going to take a generation.  They go, oh, politicians don't have a generation.   (CROSSTALK) BOURDAIN:  They're worried about the newscasts on Monday at 6:00.   CARNOCHAN:  The headlines, yeah, absolutely.  The truth is we don't have it sorted here, but we're on a journey.   BOURDAIN:  So what's going right here?  Let's face it, this is one of the most awesome cities anywhere.   CARNOCHAN:  People.  (INAUDIBLE) (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Look, I don't want to give you the impression that Glasgow is an impoverished wasteland filled with violent hooligans and gang members, an impression shared by many candy ass Europeans, for sure, and a reputation that many Glaswegians are only too happy to perpetuate.  Let's face it, Detroit or New Orleans, most American cities make this town look like Club Med by comparison.   Glasgow remains the region's noble shit zone.  What I find most endearing in this town is that if you're a native, you're probably an expert at taking the piss, a high-level style of ball-busting that approaches an art form around here. [19:15:30]  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Well, it's good to be back at work again.  (INAUDIBLE) BOURDAIN:  No one excels more at deflating the pompous, making fun of self-importance, turning even the darkest tragedy into comedy than Glaswegians.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It's a ballet, fellows. BOURDAIN:  That is, if you can understand the bastards.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  (INAUDIBLE) BOURDAIN:  This can be a challenge, particularly after a few pints of Heavy or a couple of bottles of Buckfast.   (CHEERING) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  (INAUDIBLE) BOURDAIN (on camera):  Glasgow has a reputation of being a hard drinking, two-fisted town.   JAMIE GODLEY, GLASGOW RESIDENT & COMEDIAN:  Yeah.   BOURDAIN:  I've always found it to be this funny -- GODLEY:  Very funny. BOURDAIN:  -- very funny town.  I mean -- (CROSSTALK) GODLEY:  Very dark humor.  If you say in America, my father died, people are immediately sympathetic.  In Glasgow, if you say it here, Glaswegians say, what size was his shoes.   (LAUGHTER) We have that.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Jamie Godley grew up on the east end, married into an organized crime dynasty, worked as a bartender, became a very famous playwright, author, and stand-up comedian.  I thought I'd meet her here, at Rogano's, a very old-school institution.   Jamie's working some goat cheese thing with figs.  For me, Scottish oysters are an irresistible impulse.  They are magnificent, by the way.   GODLEY:  What a lot of people abroad don't understand is wine is the backbone of the industry.  That still exists, tony.  The age expectancy is still 55.  In Iraq, it is still 65.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  Wow, that's still an extraordinary thing.   GODLEY:  Yeah, I know.  There's still a lot of crime.  There's still drugs.  There's still a lot of alcohol problems.  I think the fact that we are a bit shit helps us because we have the commonwealth games here and I loved that everybody tried not to shout in the street and swear and sell stolen goods in public.  I loved that they all had this covert operation of let's be nice for a week.  I loved that.  (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Main course, Jamie goes for the pan-fried grill.   Me?  I can't pass up an ocean-line, continental class from days gone by, like the fabulously unfashionable Tyrannosaurus Rex, the seafood dish, lobster thermidor.  Without irony, the lobster is Scottish, as is the cheese, the eggs, everything really.   (on camera):  Do you have anything to say on the Glaswegian diet?   GODLEY:  The diet, it's really interesting.   BOURDAIN:  I mean, the story is that the health-wise, as far as heart problems, right behind Tonga.   GODLEY:  Yeah. BOURDAIN:  The all-time worse, least healthy -- GODLEY:  Yeah.  It's really weird because when I was a kid and we were poorer, we ate fish, butter beans, potatoes.  Then we would have liver and onions and potatoes and cabbage and peas.  Then somewhere from the mid '70s onward onwards, it just became crap.  Now you have a generation of women who don't know how to make a pot of soup.  To be a real Glaswegian housewife, you have to be able to make a pot of soup. I can't make soup.  The joke is I'm apparently good at sex.  Sex takes five minutes.  Soup can takes days.  And my husband has never asked for soup.   (LAUGHTER) (MUSIC) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  There's a terrific music scene in Glasgow. The pubs are among the finest anywhere.  They say Glaswegians have more fun at a funeral than people in Edinburgh have at a wedding. That does invite, from time to time, a fair amount of knuckle-headed behaviors.  If you're looking for a beer and a beating, Glasgow will happily provide it.   (SHOUTING) [19:20:11]  BOURDAIN:  The toughness thing is no joke.  If you ever tried to choke a small Glaswegian into unconsciousness, as I have -- long story -- let me tell you, it is like wrestling with an angry fire plug.  It's nearly impossible.  Also it hurts.   Access to guns is extremely difficult here.  So Scottish hoodlums, unable to dispatch their victims with the kind of speed and efficiently as we enjoy in the good old USA, this led traditionally to resort to the knife to do its maiming and killing.  The old-country way, one person at a time.   MARK DAVIES, OWNER, TACTICAL EDGE:  A stabbing might not get more than a few lines down in a column in the Glasgow papers, because in this city, ordinary stabbing is hardly news anymore.   BOURDAIN:  Where knife violence is an affliction, there must be a cure.  Meet Mark Davis.  He began his career working as a bouncer in some of the east side's toughest drinking establishments where he had plenty of opportunities to hone his skill.  Now he runs Tactical Edge, teaching close combat and knife defense to U.K. special operators and security companies.  Come at him with a knife, the overwhelming likelihood is that it will soon be hanging out of your ass.   (on camera):  Generally, these courses start, come at me with a knife and a guy comes at you like it is "Friday 13th."   (LAUGHTER) DAVIES:  Yeah. BOURDAIN:  And pretty much nobody outside of "Friday 13th," in my experience, has ever come at anybody like this.   (LAUGHTER) If somebody does come, they're rushing at you with multiple --  (CROSSTALK) BOURDAIN:  -- in a manic frenzy of multiple jabbing or slashing movements.   DAVIES:  Yes.  Your attacker has been affected by adrenaline.  In such a state, the fore brain shuts down.  So you're no longer capable of cognitive thought.  You tend to get these repeated lines of attack. If they're going for the stomach, it is a sewing machine kind of action.   BOURDAIN:  Is your first order of business deflecting or getting the knife away from them?   DAVIES:  I'm going to either gain control of the weapon or go to a returning blade technique where I can control the weapon and return it to sender.   BOURDAIN:  Right.  Show me.   DAVIES:  OK.  The thing about knife defense is there's no magic bullet.  Any technique can fail.  Any technique can go wrong.  If there's multiple opponents, that can get difficult as well.  Here, this sort of thing, yeah?  If we've got the knife held up close, OK, yeah, pull hit.  Now I'm going to force this thing back into your sternum repeatedly like I'm a woodpecker.  Put your hands up, brute force, forth, charge.  That's it.  Charge.   So if you're mugging, I'm going to pin your hand to me so I own the weapon and I'm going to slap backwards into the groin.  I'm going to hit, come up, grab.  Now I'm going to introduce point "A" with point "B."  When I do that a few times, it's like taking (INAUDIBLE). (LAUGHTER) You're going to want to let go, so bang, bang, bang, bang.   This is a little bit more closer and sort of vicious.  Everybody doesn't see it.  I've cleared the weapon.  Shift yourself, knee him in the balls, straight under.   BOURDAIN:  That was an education.   DAVIES:  No problem.   BOURDAIN:  I enjoyed that.   (LAUGHTER)   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) (SHOUTING) (MUSIC) [19:23:27]  BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Last night, in Glasgow, I had enough with the deeper issues.  Now I want to go no deeper than the bottom of a bubbling cauldron of hot grease.  It's out there.  It's calling to me.  I want it now.  A happy place from my past where once I frolicked young and carefree in the field of frialated arts.  The University Cafe where I learned at the foot of the masters the Tao of hot fat and crispy batter.  Yes, they do a deep-fried Mars bar here and deep-fried pizza.  Been there, done that.  But Carlo here and his twin brother have been keeping the Verragio family tradition alive since 1918, and it ain't about no Mars bar.   (on camera):  I'm tempted to go completely nuts for all the things I like, like pies, beans, and chips.  I don't even know what kind of pie, but I want it.  The macaroni and cheese is tempting.  Haggis I'm doing.  I couldn't resist that.  Cheese Beano, I don't know what that is, but I kind of want it.   Ooh, sausage roll.  I do like a good sausage.   [19:30:00]  (voice-over):  I order the fish and chips and some haggis. Haddock battered and floating, a drift in a sea of mysterious life- giving oil.  The accumulated flavors of many magical things as it bobs like Noah's Ark bringing life in all its infinite variety.  Deep-fired Haggis, my personal favorite.  Sinister sheep parts in tube form, in this case.  And if you don't like chopped-up liver and lungs and all that good stuff, believe me, the curry sauce sets you right.  The combination of French fries, or chips in the local dialect, with curry sauce and with cheese is perhaps a bro too far, Guy Fieri (ph) in a kilt, but, what the hey.   (on camera):  I'm pretty sure God is against this.  Oh, yeah, definitely.   That's good.  Doesn't eat well with a fork.  You really have to pick this up.  I'm so ashamed.   Oh, yeah.  Clean living.   That's really one of life's great pleasures.  Don't let them tell you otherwise.   They're lying about you, Mr. Haggis.   There is no more reviled food on earth than haggis.  Its ingredients are, in fact, no more unusual or bizarre or unappetizing than any hot dog you ever ate.  How many anal glands are in a chicken nugget?  I don't know, and I'm not suggesting there are anal glands in a chicken nugget, but would you be surprised if there were?  We'll get to the bottom of this.  Back to you, Wolf.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [19:35:45]  BOURDAIN:  Heading north out of Glasgow, Scotland quickly becomes something else.  A savagely beautiful, harsh, but absolutely mesmerizing landscape that seems to have changed not at all for thousands, even millions of years.  And across Loch Mare, and only accessible by boat, one of the great isolated estates: Letterewe. It's the favorite retreat of my friend, Adrian Gill, more widely known as A.A. Gill.  He's the much feared and widely followed restaurant critic for the "London Sunday Times," a regular columnist for a spectrum of magazines, author, traveler, and one of the finest essayists of our time.   Letterewe, as it stands today, was built as a shooting lodge.  Deer stalking, like they do here, is something from another era, but it persists in places like this, which both protect and cull deer populations.   If you are, like us, of course, two murderous aristocrats looking to put some venison on the table, you need help, professional help.  And estates like Letterewe come with a stalker. Stephen Miller has been working here for eight seasons now, both protecting the animals who live on it and helping people like us in the arduous and delicate task of sneaking up on them.   We would, as gentlemen of leisure, require a cook.  And Adrian has recommended the supremely well-suited Fiona Cullina (ph), who excels at this kind of Scottish traditional game cookery.   For dinner, it's grouse.  Shot, then hung until the already funky game bird gets pleasingly ripe.  The birds are rubbed inside and out with salt and pepper, some fresh thyme jammed in the cavity.  Browned in the pan, plenty of butter to baste with.  In traditional game bird cookery of the British Isles, bread sauce is a must.  We don't do this in America, but here, it's essential.  Basically, it's milk simmered with flavoring agent, like an onion, nutmeg and bay leaf, and then thickened with raspings of bread.  Grouse larded with bacon, then roasted in the oven.  Nicely rare or medium rare, they are moved to rest and the pan deglazed with red wine.  Game stock is added and the sauce reduced.  Topped with watercress along side some parsnips and beet root.     (on camera):  So explain what we're eating, because this is as classic as it gets?   A.A. GILL, AUTHOR:  This is specifically Scottish.  This is a grouse, which is the only truly wild game bird in Britain.  They're the most highly prized as a sporting bird.  They're the most difficult to shoot, but more importantly, they're the most prized to eat.   BOURDAIN:  This bread sauce thing, what is that?   GILL:  Bread sauce, you have to grow up here to love this.  It is like pottage.  It's soft.  It's a very old dish, but it goes very well with -- grouse, they're a very gamey meat.  It's a very grown-up taste that is slightly repellant, but within that, it is particularly alluring.   BOURDAIN:  Right.   GILL:  There is something also sexual about it that people don't often talk about.   BOURDAIN:  Right, right.   So good.   GILL:  I'm going to a vegetarian school.  My parents sent me to a vegetarian boarding school, and for nine years, the year after I left, I was a vegetarian.   BOURDAIN:  Nine years as a vegetarian, that's unthinkable to me.   GILL:  Then I decided not to be.  I made the decision if I was going to eat meat again, then I had to be prepared to do the whole business.  BOURDAIN:  Right.  You've got to be accountable.  [19:40:08]  GILL:  For all of it.  For all of it.  So I started getting fish with the guts in and then gutting them and then, in the end, someone says, well, come and -- if you're going to eat it, come and kill it.  You go, well, then, I have to do that as well.  And when I started doing it, it was like coming home.   And that's the thing with being on the hill.   BOURDAIN:  (voice-over):  Until the 19th century, the Scottish Highlands were seen by many as a mysterious, hostile and dangerous land, populated, when populated at all, by scary ass barbarians, descendents of the terrifying Picts, tribes so ferocious, so extravagant in their violence and toughness, that even the Roman legions decided not to mess with them, and instead, built a wall, hoping to keep them out and away from civilized society.  Later, hunting estates like this were home to tenant farmers who scratched out a living by growing oats and potatoes.  Owned by landed gentry, by various royals, the Highland clans, McKenzie, McDonald, McLeod, to name a few, later, by newer money, fabulously wealthy foreigners. Today, around half the land in Scotland is owned by fewer than 500 people.   It's an anachronism, dismaying to some, I grant you, but seductive as well.  Because who wouldn't do this, if they could?  Enjoy this kind of rugged solitude from the comfort of a warm, inviting 17th century lodge.  Warm one's legs by the fire, play a little Snooker, enjoy a fine, single malt or two, a substantial game meal, maybe another whiskey perhaps, contemplate the mysteries of the universe under a starry sky, and then to sleep into the arms of  Morpheus, to rise in the morning as bringer of death.    Stephen and Adrian keep calling it "the hill," but that ain't no hill I've ever seen.  It's a behemoth, an endless range of behemoths, one mountain giving way to a moor, giving away to another mountain, then more, then more.  There might be a hill somewhere in there but it's probably between mountains after a five-mile up-hill walk.  And though I am, to be modest, in the best shape of my life of late, it's a daunting hike.  The climb gradual, then steep.  The footing ranging from rocky to spongy and wet mile after mile.  Me, trying to look cool, make it seem like this is nothing unusual, but really I'm dying.  (COMMERCIAL BREAK) (MUSIC) [19:47:10]  BOURDAIN (voice-over):  We walked the Highlands for hours. Our stalker, Stephen, finally identifies a red stag of suitable age and size, one ready, in the parlance, to be taken off the hill.   Getting in a range without scaring him off, however, is another challenge.  We need to circle around the mountain to close the distance.   STEPHEN MILLER, LETTEREWE ESTATE DEER STALKER:  There's not a lot I can do.  Fast and light.  So we go slowly.  Just pretend we're hikers at the moment.  He hasn't got a bobble hat.   BOURDAIN:  (on camera):  What?   MILLER:  If you put a bobble hat on, the deer think you're a hiker.   (LAUGHTER) Can you see the antlers?   BOURDAIN:  Yeah.   MILLER:  Get down.  Stay down, stay down.  Dig in nice and steady. Just take your time.   (GUNSHOT)  MILLER:  That's a nice stag.   10 points.   BOURDAIN:  Is that good?  MILLER:  He was never going to get any better.   Do you want to use your knife?  BOURDAIN:  Yeah. [19:50:26]  MILLER:  For shooting your first red stag in Scotland, you'll get blooded.   BOURDAIN:  Oh.   (LAUGHTER) MILLER:  Best if you close your eyes.   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  Ah.   (LAUGHTER) Oh, OK.   MILLER:  And the rule is you have to leave it on.   BOURDAIN:  Yeah.   MILLER:  All day.   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  You going, chaps?   (voice-over):  As getting vehicles up here would be both physical and destructive, they have retained the tradition of using Highland ponies to retrieve the stalked deer.  They are bred to be strong and trained to do this work.  They will likely make it back sooner than we will.   MILLER:  Thanks, chaps.  We'll catch you around at some point.   See you.   Good boys through.   BOURDAIN:  I thought coming up my legs burning, I can't wait until that nice easy downhill walk back, but as I soon find out, the walk down is even harder.  Knees screaming, face crusted with dry blood, I'm looking forward to a warm fire, a strong whiskey and some good country ass cooking.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) (MUSIC) [19:56:26]  GILL:  So what do you fancy with the venison?  Stew with wine?  BOURDAIN:  They always marinate juniper and all of that.  Super  simple.   GILL:  OK.  We'll do that.   BOURDAIN:  (voice-over):  The venison is seasoned with salt and pepper and rosemary, seared in duck fat and then into the oven.  A pan sauce made from the fawn, red wine and deep game stock, sweetened with currant jelly and finished with a mellowing nod of whole butter and served with clap shot, basically, mashed turnips and potatoes.   MILLER:  That's it.  That's the end of the season.  Usually, the girls will be killing it, and you start killing the girls.  You have to traditionally where the mask, the leather mask -- (LAUGHTER) MILLER:  -- to the stag and you -- and you send them notes beforehand saying I'm watching you, I know where you live.   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  (on camera):  We deserve this.   MILLER:  We've worked for it, huh?   BOURDAIN:  Yeah.   Literally, the greatest feat of strength of my entire life.  Never at any time in my entire life have I done anything so remotely physical over a sustained period of time.   MILLER:  Really?   BOURDAIN:  Never.   MILLER:  Look how well you've done.   BOURDAIN:  At no point previously in my life would I have been able to do it.   Thank you, guys.   MILLER:  Here's to the best of health, folks.   GILL:  All the best.   (CROSSTALK) GILL:  Good shot.   MILLER:  I say to a place -- (LAUGHTER) MILLER:  -- a safer place for ramblers.  (LAUGHTER) MILLER:  It's a lot safer now that we're not on our land.   (LAUGHTER) [19:59:00]  BOURDAIN:  I came to Scotland this time to shoot an animal in the heart, to take part, to be fully culpable in a practice nearly as old as these hills.  You walk this country stalking an animal across the rocks and wet heather, you feel little has changed from how your distant ancestors must have searched for their food, with a rifle, with a spear, with a club.  I drag my knuckles up a hill and like my ape-like predecessors, return tired, happy and covered in blood.   Everything changes.  Nothing changes at all.   [21:00:19]  ANTHONY BOURDAIN, CNN HOST:  Miami sneaks up on you.  Or do we change and find ourselves sneaking up, washing up, ending up in Miami?   (SINGING) BOURDAIN:  Miami, it's a big place.  Bigger and more multifaceted than it's given credit for.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Miami, where you at?   BOURDAIN:  We tend over the years to focus on Miami's -- how shall I put this -- party zone.   (MUSIC) BOURDAIN:  It's the kind of place we say, "That could never be me," and then it is.   (MUSIC) BOURDAIN:  It's a temptation that's almost irresistible, the seductions of flash, of palm trees, balmy nights, deco architecture, the manufactured dreams of many television shows made real.   But across the causeway a few miles down the way there are other worlds, older ones.  I think it's safe to say better ones.   (MUSIC) BOURDAIN:  Way out west, 20 miles from the airport, tucked in yet another strip mall, is Islas Canarias.  And you go there because, well, you need coffee, and because Cuba, respect, and because Michelle Bernstein is there.   (on camera):  It was a long time getting here.   MICHELLE BERNSTEIN, CHEF:  You need a car in Miami.  And yes, this is like the heart of Miami.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Michelle is one of my Miami's most iconic influential chefs, born and bred her.   (on camera):  When people say where did you grow up, you say --  BERNSTEIN:  Miami.  This is out west.  You can't get much further west than this.   BOURDAIN:  What's beyond here?   BERNSTEIN:  Swampland.   BOURDAIN:  Ah, body disposal? BERNSTEIN:  Well, you can say that.  I can.  This restaurant, we would actually come here for the seafood and it would be elegant.   BOURDAIN:  Well, you have the waiters in the little bolero jacket-type things or a bow tie.   BERNSTEIN:  You should get a bow tie.  Yeah, and there's still some Cuban places in Miami that still have that.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  This is how you drink coffee in Miami.   BERNSTEIN:  In the real places give you the milk first and then the coffee. BOURDAIN (on camera):  What do they call this again, those tiny little -- (CROSSTALK)   BERNSTEIN:  Colada.  It's a big cup with little cups.   BOURDAIN:  It is basically like the coffee version, the caffeine version of a one-hitter.  You're basically, so I'd have one of those. At the next place, I'd have another.  And I increasingly get jangling as I head towards work or whatever my final destination. [21:05:11]  BERNSTEIN:  I grew up on the colada.  At 4, I had my first, I think, colada.  We all give our babies coffee.  They put their finger in it to taste it and they all grow up loving coffee.   BOURDAIN:  That's good. So this is a nonjudgmental land, Miami?   BERNSTEIN:  It is.  You can pretty much get away with almost anything.  BOURDAIN:  It's good coffee.   BERNSTEIN:  I'm so glad you like it because a lot of people don't like it.   BOURDAIN:  Really?   BERNSTEIN:  Well, because they think it is too sweet.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  And many of you watching who are generally aware of Miami and this sandwich thing they call a Cubano, that you may or may not have had before, you're thinking, yes, a Cubano sandwich, but you'd be wrong.  This is not a Cubano sandwich, strictly speaking.  This, my friends, is a megalochick (ph).  Close, a cousin. Like a Cubano, it has roast port, ham, Swiss cheese, pickles, a little mustard, and like a Cubano it is pressed until hot and runny inside.   BERNSTEIN:  You see the bread.  It's sweeter. BOURDAIN (on camera):  Right. BERNSTEIN:  So you have a real contrast with the salty pickle and the port and the bread.  See how juicy that is?  That's the telling of a sandwich. BOURDAIN:  It pisses me off.  You know people try to improve on this. BERNSTEIN:  A lot of people try to improve on it.   (CROSSTALK) BERNSTEIN:  How is it?  Is it yummy? BOURDAIN:  Good. A lot of thought is given to the structure of the sandwich.   BERNSTEIN:  It is all about the layers.   (CROSSTALK) BOURDAIN:  Yeah.   This is the perfect breakfast, right?   BERNSTEIN:  It's good, yeah.  I always go for the salty, never the sweet.   BOURDAIN:  I don't care about sweet things.  If I have to give up one course of the meal, it's the dessert.  You know how it's -- (CROSSTALK) BERNSTEIN:  Of course. BOURDAIN:  Cheese over dessert any day.   BERNSTEIN:  Yes.  I'd rather have steak over dessert, but maybe that's because my mother is from Argentina.   (LAUGHTER) (MUSIC) MATT KLEIN, OWNER CLUB DEUCE:  This is my world away from the world. To me, it's my little king's domain.   (MUSIC) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  There's one place I keep coming back to.  It's a place where, if you look deep enough, ask the right Questions, you can get a whole history of Miami from one man, this man, Matt Klein.   KLEIN:  You're going to have to remember you're speaking to 100-year- old man.   BOURDAIN:  I know.  You look good.   KLEIN:  Raise your voice a little bit.   BOURDAIN:  You look good.  If I look that good when I'm 60, I'll be happy.   KLEIN:  You know what the amazing thing about being 100 is?  Last year, I was 99.  Nobody paid attention to me.  Didn't care.  I became 100, my God.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Matt Klein, the owner, proprietor and regular bartender at Matt's Club Deuce, turned 100 years old this year.  Yes, 100.  He's still here.  The cigarette smoke and dark, dank atmosphere, pretty good for a guy that's seen it all.   KLEIN:  That's 73 years ago, Fort Benning, Georgia.  I was the 2nd Armored Division. BOURDAIN:  Matt Klein came to Miami in 1945 from New York's lower east side by way of the battle of Normandy.   KLEIN:  I came here because I was wounded and the warm weather was much better for me.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  But there was a lot of G.I.s during the war here, right?   KLEIN:  The Lord made Miami Beach for the simple reason that people were station here and, all of a sudden, they saw a world that they didn't believe.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  During World War II, Miami saw a massive influx of military personnel.  Hotels, which had seen a sharp drop in business, made a deal with the government to house troops at the empty resorts.   KLEIN:  They told their parents about it, the parents came down, sons came down.  They opened businesses here, and they were basically Jewish at the time and that's how it started.   BOURDAIN:  By the fall of 1942, more than 78,000 troops were living in more than 300 hotels in Miami and Miami Beach.   (on camera):  How long have you been running the Deuce?   KLEIN:  I took over in 1964.  Half of my life I've spent here.  Miami Beach has turned over at least six times since I've been here.  All that neon is "Miami Vice."  They put it in here. BOURDAIN:  Yeah. KLEIN:  This was their favorite bar.   BOURDAIN:  It makes sense, too.   [21:10:13]  KLEIN:  Still, it was very flattering.  The same as how flattering it is to have you here.   BOURDAIN:  I love this place.  I mean I love it.  It's my favorite bar in Miami.   To many more.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) (MUSIC) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  The dreamers, the visionaries, crooks and con men who built Miami envisioned many different kinds of paradise, a New Jerusalem in the seemingly infinitely expanding real estate.  Just fill in where there's water and you've got property, or as in Coral Gables, build a new Venice, complete with a tabloidish (ph) fantasy architecture and grand canals.  Gondolas to ferry the new seekers to their palazzos in the sun.  The dream was as expandable as the space. Where there was water, there was now magically terra-sort-of-firma.   And in the '80s, where there was decline, a vacuum, suddenly, there was a new and vibrant economy, one that raised all boats, filled Miami with new buildings shiny cars, swanky nightclubs, floods of cash, and a new reputation for murder and criminality to go with it.  Cocaine. Say what you will, cocaine altered the skyline of Miami forever.  It made, for better or worse, Miami sexy again.   [21:15:11]  (on camera):  Going back to the very beginning, was Miami always a criminal enterprise?   (LAUGHTER) But I mean that in a good way.  Outlaw culturalism, a very deep part of American culture.   BILLY CORBEN, MOVIE PRODUCER:  Nicole Highason (ph) says, in Florida, we don't produce or manufacture anything but oranges or handguns. There is no indigenous industry.  We sell sunshine.   ALFRED SPELLMAN, MOVIE PRODUCER:  We sell you a dream CORBEN:  The only jobs we have are in hospitality or in restaurants.   SPELLMAN:  Real estate.   CORBEN:  Real estate.  It is all to sell the dream to the next people.  BOURDAIN (voice-over):  In 1981 the FBI called Miami the most violent city in America.  The drug industry brought in an estimated $7 to $12 billion a year and that was of 1981 money.  That is a lot of trickle down.  One of the most successful documentaries in the history of film is  "Cocaine Cowboys," which tells that story.  The film made by these guys, Alfred Spellman and Billy Corben. (on camera):  So things were in decline.  Cocaine sort of saved the city?   SPELLMAN:  Well --   CORBEN:  We'd say so. (LAUGHTER) Am I going to get in trouble?  Am I going to get in trouble for it? Yes.   SPELLMAN:  But by 1981, you had a murder rate here 365 homicides here. 25 percent of those bodies had automatic weapons bullets.   BOURDAIN:  Right. (voice-over):  We talk about the uncomfortable reality of where a lot of the modern Miami came from over something you just have to hit hard when in Miami in season -- stone crabs.   CORBEN:  The Federal Reserve branch in Miami had a $5 billion cash surplus, mostly $50s and $100 dollar bills, all of which had trace elements of cocaine on them.   SPELLMAN:  And the guys in cocaine trafficking in the '70s and '80s who got busted and went to prison got out, and are now big Medicare fraudsters.   CORBEN:  We're whispering because they're probably here.   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  So where's the money now?  How's business in general in Miami and where is that business coming from?   SPELLMAN:  Remarkably the rebound from the great recession, the people thought it would take a decade for all the condo inventory to get absorbed, and it seemed to happen almost overnight.  By 2010, 2011, things were turned around here.  We're in the middle of another huge boom.  Who is buying?  It's wealthy foreigners, a lot of flight capital from overseas, from Latin, South American, Russians.   BOURDAIN:  If it is money looted from another country, do we care? Trickle down. SPELLMAN:  It has propped up Miami once again with another inflated bubble and the Question is, how long will it last?   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  There's history and there's the more immediate needs of the present.  I need food presently and perhaps some fine bourbon.  And when I need good food in a city not my own, more and more these days, I call somebody who, if they weren't good at enough things already, has become something of an expert on food around the world.   (on camera):  Every time I check Instagram, you're eating with one of my culinary heroes.  You've eaten had gyros -- (CROSSTALK) BOURDAIN:  He seems to like you much better than me. (LAUGHTER) (voice-over):  Ahmir Khalib Thompson, known to most as Questlove.   (on camera):  You've been to this place before?   AHMIR KHALIB THOMPSON, QUESTLOVE:  I live at this place.   BOURDAIN:  Really?   THOMPSON:  Yes.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Yard Bird quickly became a Miami favorite, serving over-the-top Southern classics to well-heeled bonveva (ph) like, well, us.   (on camera):  The old joke was that James Brown was the hardest working man in show business.  You make him look lazy.  Let's review, band leader, producer, a teacher --   THOMPSON:  Yep.   BOURDAIN:  -- a deejay.   THOMPSON:  Technically, I have 16 jobs right now.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Devilled eggs with fresh dill and trout roll will be so over next year, but right now, I want 10 more.  Delicious. Fried green tomatoes with pork belly, this is the perfect thing for a guy looking to squeeze into a size 28 Speedo tomorrow and hit the beach.   (on camera):  How often are you in Miami? THOMPSON:  Three to five times a year. BOURDAIN:  What makes the Miami sound different from the Detroit sound, the Philadelphia sound, the New York sound, whatever?   THOMPSON:  You can't say something specific like, well, Philadelphia has strings in their arrangement whereas Stacks Records had organ in theirs.  But I do consider the sound of Miami to be the beginning of really great dance music.   BOURDAIN:  Once called 77 Elvis pancakes?  Chocolate chip pancakes, bourbon maple syrup, banana compote and peanut butter.  Even if you're not the king, you'll want to die on the toilet like he did after this carbo load.   (on camera):  If I really want to do the Elvis experience, I should be eating a fistful of Percodan with that. (LAUGHTER) [21:20:14]  (voice-over):  Yard Bird's signature fried chicken comes with spiced watermelon and cheddar cheese waffles.  Here, they brine the chicken for a day, 27 hours to be exact, in a spicy bath that includes cayenne and black pepper, garlic and onion.  Tender inside and perfectly crispy on the outside.   (on camera):  To me, I like waffles and I like chicken, but I don't understand waffles and chicken together.   THOMPSON:  You still don't understand?   BOURDAIN:  No, look, I understand people deeply love them and I do like waffles and I do like fried chicken.  Put them on separate plates and I'm OK.   (LAUGHTER) THOMPSON:  You don't want your food integrated?   BOURDAIN:  Shrimp and grits, a southern classic made with Florida shrimp, Virginia ham, and South Carolina stone-ground grits.   (on camera):  On the other subject, I was reading your book.  Is it Curtis Mayfield you have bad associations with?   THOMPSON:  Whenever I hear Curtis Mayfield's "Freddie's Dead," just as a kid, that particular structure always frightened me.   BOURDAIN:  "Aqualung," Jethro Tull, I whipped into a murderous rage right away. THOMPSON:  Even now?   BOURDAIN:  Even now.  I'm angry that that band ever existed.  I hate that whole Englishy, old, bar minstrelly, stand-on-one-leg mother (EXPLETIVE DELETED).  I hate that (EXPLETIVE DELETED).   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  You never know when you play music, were they molested by a rodeo clown to that song. (CROSSTALK) BOURDAIN:  And Jethro Tull is my version of that.   (LAUGHTER) (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [21:25:33]  BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Who got here first?  Who, other than, say, some early Native American tribes and Spaniards?  Caribbean blacks, most of whom were Bahamian.  Bahamians figured heavily in the early development of south Florida, which began in earnest with the construction of railroads in the late 19th and early 20th centuries by this guy, Henry Morrison Flagler, the industrialist and tycoon largely credited with being the father of modern Florida.  Flagler's dream was the Florida East Coast Railway, which would run from Jacksonville to Key West, connecting the ports of Miami to the rail system of the rest of the United States, creating along its route new towns, new cities, new places where America's rising middle class could frolic and play. He also agreed to lay the foundation for a city on both sides of the Miami River. As more and more whites moved in, segregation took hold and much of the Bahamian community was forced into black neighborhoods like Overtown and Liberty City.  So if you're looking for old Miami, original Miami, you're looking, to a great extent, for black Miami.   (MUSIC) BOURDAIN:  These days, Liberty City is mostly ignored by developers, but back in the day, it was the epicenter of the black community.  A lot has happened since then.   (SINGING) UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Pancakes, smoked sausage, boiled eggs.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  What do you usually get?   LUTHER CAMPBELL, RAPPER & OWNER, MLK RESTAURANT:  Oh, man the fishy grits.  See, that's what Bahamians eat. BOURDAIN:  Your parents were Jamaican and Bahamian?   CAMPBELL:  Yes, my mother was Bahamian and my father was Jamaican.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Today, I'm having fish and grits at MLK Restaurant with this guy, Luther Campbell.   (on camera):  A lot of good cooking tradition in the family.   CAMPBELL:  Oh, yeah.  One night, we'd have rice and peas and, the other night, we'd have peas and rice.   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Otherwise known Uncle Luke or perhaps Luke Sky Walker at various times.  Luther is something of a musical, political and legal legend, credited with pioneering what would be called Miami base.  Maybe you know him from such hits as Two Live Crews' "Me So Horny" and "Do Wa Ditty" or the groundbreaking fair-use Supreme Court Case Campbell versus Acuff-Rose Music.   (CHEERING) (on camera):  How do you end up different growing up in Miami than you would have grown up in L.A. and New York?   CAMPBELL:  A lot of people would have said southern people, whatever you want to call us, in actuality, we're an island town.  I mean, Miami was made up of Bahamians who really filled the city of Miami, so now you have a different culture.   BOURDAIN:  South American and -- CAMPBELL:  Very different. BOURDAIN:  Very, very different.   CAMPBELL:  Yeah. BOURDAIN:  How has that mix, how has that impacted the music?   CAMPBELL:  When people think about me, this guy makes bootie-shaking music.  Everybody is dancing.  Everybody is dancing in a sexual way. Jamaicans, they wind.  The girls are standing up on you.  The girls stand up on you and put your butt on you and start winding. (LAUGHTER)   BOURDAIN:  I've seen this on television.   (LAUGHTER) CAMPBELL:  It's no different than a lap dance.   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  Among your other accomplishments, you ran for office?   CAMPBELL:  Yeah.   BOURDAIN:  About 70 percent residents of Miami speak Spanish at home?   CAMPBELL:  Uh-huh.   [21:29:52]  BOURDAIN:  Enormous African-American and Afro-Caribbean community.  How come they keep electing conservative white guys?   CAMPBELL:  Those conservative white guys, they're (INAUDIBLE), don't' say nothing.  Don't energize your people.  So you have a whole quiet community, you didn't get them excited about voting. BOURDAIN:  It's the opposite of get-out-the-vote program, which is don't bother to vote. CAMPBELL:  Don't bother to vote.  You take the governor's election. You know African-Americans voted at 20 percent.  If we would have voted at 50 percent, Charlie Crist would have won the governor's race.  BOURDAIN:  If you were selling Miami to somebody, what's the best thing about Miami?   CAMPBELL:  Best weather.   BOURDAIN:  How do you handle the cold if you have to tour or something in Detroit or Chicago or something?   CAMPBELL:  My mind-set is I don't have to deal with this every day. I'm going back to sunshine.  I can go into a blizzard.  I know I'm going out.  You all stay.   BOURDAIN:  This is really good.   (voice-over):  Back inland, another world of flavors, Little Haiti. Just in case Miami didn't have enough tasty stuff from elsewhere, the B&M; Market is a four-seat cafe of sorts tucked away in the back.  They serve some of the dishes they make me happiest, jerk chicken.  Who doesn't love that?  Curry goat, rotti (ph) and this, cow-foot soup, the real deal, too, flavors and textures, some next-level stuff.   (on camera):  That looks, by the way, unbelievable.  Look at that. MICHELLE BERNSTEIN, CHEF:  That's jelly. BOURDAIN:  That's so good.   What's the best thing about Miami?   BERNSTEIN:  The mix of cultures.   BOURDAIN:  What's the worst thing?   BERNSTEIN:  You know what really pisses me off?  I walk down the street and I say hi to people because that's kind of like how I am. BOURDAIN:  Right. BERNSTEIN:  And I don't get a hi back a lot here.   BOURDAIN:  To what do you attribute this?   BERNSTEIN:  The transient part of it.  People don't feel rooted.  They are all from South America, Central America.  Their whole plan is to come here do what they can to send money to their family to buy the home of their dreams and then go back and live in them, which is great.  I would probably do the same thing. If I were to think about coming to Florida to live, what would seem attractive to me -- and I mean this absolutely -- find some place on the beach and just sink in until my liver-spotted, crocodiled skin, George Hamilton face, and walk up and down with my metal detector with shorts up to here.  That would be me.  People who go to live that dream, after a few years, they don't go to the beach.   BERNSTEIN:  Ask me when the last time I went to the beach is.   BOURDAIN:  When is the last time you went to the beach?  BERNSTEIN:  About a year and a half ago.   BOURDAIN:  What the (EXPLETIVE DELETED) is up with that?   BERNSTEIN:  We're working.   BOURDAIN:  If you weren't working, do you think you'd be at the beach more often? BERNSTEIN:  I dream to have a house on the beach.  I don't know why. But I love it.  And I always say I will never live in south Florida if I didn't live near water.  I live near water and I leave my doors open a lot, but I don't go to the beach.  I barely even go into a swimming pool, but I know it's there.   BOURDAIN:  OK.   (LAUGHTER) (COMMERCIAL BREAK) (SINGING) [21:32:15]  BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Before Miami base, before the Miami Sound Machine, there was a Miami sound.   (SINGING) BOURDAIN:  The music, the original Miami sound we're talking about, came from this man, Willie Clark, and this space.   (on camera):  What was this space originally?   WILLIE CLARK, FOUNDER, DEEP CITY RECORDS:  This was a little restaurant smaller than this, and we were on the other side with the record shop.   (SINGING) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Now it looks like a non-descript barbecue joint, but back in 1963, it was the home of Deep City Records.   (SINGING) BOURDAIN:  Willie Clark and his business partner, Johnny Pearsall, started Deep City recording and promoting local talent out of Johnny's record shop.  The label became a showcase for artists like Betty Wright, and Helene Smith, Frank Williams and the Rocketeers, Johnny Killens and the Dynamites.   (on camera):  Anything you've ever been credited for, for either producing or writing, it is a very, very long list, an amazing list.   CLARK:  It is about 1200.   BOURDAIN:  1200 songs.  CLARK:  It just flows.  I'm like a song mechanic.  You bring it to me,  I'll help you fix it.   BOURDAIN:  William and his writing partner, Clarence "Blowfly" Reid, wrote such classics as "Clean Up Woman" and "Rocking Chair" and "Willie and Able."   Deep City was Miami's answer to Motown, a unique sound. (on camera):  In 50 years, 100 years from now, if you were to do an Internet search and punch in the "Miami sound," your name is going to come up right away as principal creator of the Miami sound.  What were the distinctive features of the music you were making that separated it from Motown, Philadelphia, New York?   CLARK:  The culture was a mixture of Bahamian, Jamaican, and people who came down from Georgia and Alabama, but that Bahamian influence was dominant.   BOURDAIN:  Right.   CLARK:  We would have bands who would march from Overtown all the way to Liberty City and back in big parades.  This influence, the dancing and the moving and the marching, that was the main difference.   BOURDAIN:  And you were teaching school through a lot of this?   CLARK:  Yeah, I was teaching school.  I would walk in the front door of the school, look around, put my sign in, and walk out the back door -- (LAUGHTER) -- and go straight to the studio.  But you know, the principal knew what I was doing.   BOURDAIN:  Yep.   CLARK:  But I did most of the Deep City music using that technique.   (SINGING)  [21:40:18]  BOURDAIN:  You're still out there so your songs are still being played, still being sampled, which is good.   CLARK:  It weren't for the samples, I don't know what I'd do.  Part of the record industry that kept up alive was Europe. BOURDAIN:  The collectors must go crazy, maniac collectors in Europe and Japan.   CLARK:  If I had known back then, if Johnny and I had known, I guess we would still be over there big as Motown or bigger.   BOURDAIN:  This is an island, isn't it?  It is kind of an island.   CLARK:  It is worse than an island.   (LAUGHTER) (SINGING) (COMMERCIAL BREAK) (SINGING) [21:45:12]  BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Another day, another country. Miami is like that.  You can eat your way across the Caribbean and through all of Latin America, and then over to Africa, if you'd like. It's all there.   Benito's Plaza is Venezuelan.  If you know anything about me, you know I love few things more than big, new, unusual, comes-from-somewhere- else mutant versions of the giant hamburger.  And this one, this one is something special.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  This is a tall Venezuelan.  It is all about a lot of sauces.   We're going to do this.  Absolutely, right?  OK.   (SHOUTING) BOURDAIN (on camera):  What is this neighborhood?   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Some people call it (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE. Some people call it (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE], which is Petite Venezuela.  And yeah, you're way west.  You'll pretty much hear everybody here speak Spanish.  There's almost no English spoken.   BOURDAIN:  Most people in Miami speak Spanish at home. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Absolutely. BOURDAIN:  A lot over half. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Even if they are not Latin, because you can't really get a job if you're in the service industry especially.  You have to speak Spanish.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Meat on meat is something of a Venezuelan specialty, and this one has a lot.  A beef patty, ham, egg, six varieties of sauces, crispy potatoes and cheese.  It's big.  Big, I tells you.  You have to demolish it in stages like you're imploding a casino or like a hyena grabbing an antelope by the hoof.  You try to tunnel through the soft parts first. (on camera):  This is sort of an engineering challenge. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  A larger mouth, possibly? BOURDAIN:  I think I'm going to start crying.  All right.  I'm going in.  Good god.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Yes or no?   BOURDAIN:  It's delicious, but --  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  It's a little much, right.   BOURDAIN:  There's no way this thing is holding together until the last bite.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  All right.  I can't even get the whole thing.   (LAUGHTER) That's ridiculous.   BOURDAIN:  This is open until 4:00 a.m., so there's definitely a time of day when that seems like a perfectly reasonable idea.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  If you drink too much, this will pretty much take care of everything that ever ailed you.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Long a refuge for people all over the Caribbean basin and Latin America, it was long a Mecca for Americans who wanted to get off the grid.  If you've ever read the excellent Travis McGee novels of John B. McDonald, you'll remember Travis, the mystery solving boat bum who lived on a houseboat in Miami.  People used to live like that.  Less and less today.   BOB "CAPTAIN BOB" DESAVATO (ph), LIVES ON BOAT:  When my wife passed away a few years ago, I was living in a condo and didn't want to do that anymore.  Now I'm on this piece of iron.   BOURDAIN:  Bob Desavato (ph), aka Captain Bob, however is still here and still living on his boat in the Miami River.   DESAVATO (ph):  We sit out here and we look like we're enjoying ourselves, but it is really hard work.  Just sitting here looking pretty. (LAUGHTER) It's not for everybody.  But, yeah, it's a good life.   BOURDAIN:  I've had many friends over the years who live on boats, work on boats, but these were just degenerate wind addicts.   DESAVATO (ph):  It is.  It has a machine shop on board and I kind of wanted to go down to the Bahamas and get the boat to earn its own keep.  Of course, the economy tanked and now I'm living on it. (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  The 25-ton steel hulled achievement doesn't do much moving around these days, but it might have to soon.   (on camera):  Who else lives like you?  DESAVATO (ph):  It used to be very common.  It is getting scarcer.   BOURDAIN:  How long do you think you've got?   DESAVATO (ph):  Six months, a year?   BOURDAIN:  Yeah.   DESAVATO (ph):  We sit here and watch them put the buildings up and they're you see the tower crane, we sit here and watched them put the buildings up --  BOURDAIN:  Coming closer.   DESAVATO (ph):  -- and it's creeping this way.   BOURDAIN:  You're not moving onto land anytime soon, if you can avoid it?   DESAVATO (ph):  No.  Here life keeps flowing by.  I wave and keep on keeping on.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) (MUSIC) [21:53:45]  BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Miami's the kind of place you say that could never be me.  And then it is.   (MUSIC) (on camera):  So you've been here how many years?   JAMES OSTERBERG, "IGGY POP", ROCK SINGER:  15 years.   BOURDAIN:  15 years.  You're a Floridian?   IGGY POP:  Yeah.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  When I was young, this man was a role model, an ideal, a roadmap for bad behavior.  His music, it turned out, was the soundtrack for most of my life.  Still is.   James Osterberg, of Muskegon, Michigan, known still all over the world as Iggy Pop.   (MUSIC) (on camera):  You grew up in Michigan, you lived in New York for a long period of time?   OSTERBERG:  I went from Michigan to London.  I went from London to Hollywood, which was rough.  Hollywood to Berlin, which was great. Back to London.  And then, New York from '79 to '99.   BOURDAIN:  Was it a conceivable option at any point, when you said, I can live in Florida?   OSTERBERG:  It wasn't for me.  I was hustling.  Hustling in a big city.  It just happened by chance.  I had a shady friend who owned a condo here, and thought, well, this is a nice little trashy hang.  You could just pull up to the beach any time you wanted and look out and see the end of complications.  And anybody could do that and it was safe and free.  And I thought, that's a -- this is beautiful.   (MUSIC) [21:55:31]  BOURDAIN:  So we're eating healthy today.   OSTERBERG:  Yeah.   BOURDAIN:  What do you like here?   (voice-over):  I wouldn't have thought back then in my dorm room that all those years later I'd be eating healthy with Iggy Pop.  Barbecue shrimp for the godfather of punk.  I get wild and crazy with some roast pork.  A little white wine, our only tilt toward the debauches of previous lives.   (on camera):  I well remember the first Stooges album coming out, "The Context of the Time."  This was, what, '69?   OSTERBERG:  '69, August.   BOURDAIN:  In a lot of ways, as far as looking after my health, your music early on was a negative example.   OSTERBERG:  I hear you.   BOURDAIN:  And looking at my own life and career, I'm pretty much known for traveling around the world and recklessly drinking and eating to excess.   OSTERBERG:  Sure.   BOURDAIN:  What does it say about us that you're now sitting in a healthy restaurant?  I just came from the gym.  And we're in Florida.   OSTERBERG:  Listen, if you just flamed out, you're in -- you know, you're in such voluminous and undistinguished company, and then all your works will flame out quicker with you.   (MUSIC) BOURDAIN:  What's the perfect day in Miami?   OSTERBERG:  It's a clear morning.  Hot, hot and humid.  No moderate or any of that crap.  No.  Hot, hot, humid.  The sun comes up in a hazy tropical orange orb.  And you're not working.  You're not on a schedule.  And you have no meetings.  But you have somebody fun to spend the time with.  And then you would go to the beach when the sun isn't right overhead yet.  Because the beach faces east, the sun sparkles on the water.  And the sparkle is very nice.  So positive.  BOURDAIN:  You're the template for the rock star, meaning other rock  stars sort of look to you to figure out, how should I behave?  Along with that, look, even at its -- even if you're broke, I you're a guy at various points in life has pretty much been able to have a lot of things ordinary people would never have.  You've had many, many adventures.   OSTERBERG:  I know.  BOURDAIN:  Given that, what thrills you?   OSTERBERG:  The nicest stuff right now, this is very embarrassing, but it's really -- being loved, and actually appreciating the people that are giving that to me.   (MUSIC) OSTERBERG:  I don't see any birds at all here today.  It's so quiet.   BOURDAIN:  Is this the reward phase of your life or just --  OSTERBERG:  It's been emotionally, I think, a reward phase for stuff I did up until the age 30.  Stuff you had to do on instinct and not on intelligence.   (MUSIC) BOURDAIN:  See, I think you deserve it.  But when I look at my own life, you know, I'm actually -- I'm ambivalent.  I mean, I'm still not so sure.  You know?   OSTERBERG:  I'm still curious.  You seem like a curious person.   BOURDAIN:  It's my only virtue.   OSTERBERG:  There you go.  All right.  Curious is a good thing to be, you know?  It seems to pay some unexpected dividends.   (SINGING)  BOURDAIN (voice-over):  I guess that's what it comes down to.  All of it, right here.  I write a book, I get a TV show, I live my dreams, I meet my hero.  Two old men on a beach.   (SINGING) [21:02:43]  ANTHONY BOURDAIN, CNN HOST: In Bahia, you find yourself in the heart of the heart of Brazil, where the magic comes from. If you want to get there, just follow the sound of the drums. This is Salvador De Bahia, city of three million people. First capital of Brazil. The wellspring for everything African and spicy, where things seem to just sway and move constantly. It's a place where everybody is sexy, where even the ugly people are hot. Unsurprisingly, this is where artists come from. African spiritualism, cult magic, Candomble, Capoeira. And caipirinhas, did I mention caipirinhas? They do those here, too. I like them. I like them a lot.  What's magical about this cocktail is the first taste, it's like I don't know, man, it's a little too something. Then like that second sip, it's like oh, that's kind of good. Then the third sip, it's where are my pants. Fortunately, food in these parts tends to be, shall we say, hearty. For instance, a delightful meal of fried meat with plenty of absorbent starch product like baropha(ph), the perfect accompaniment to many, many caipirinhas.  Oh, excellent. Now we're talking. It's a tough town for vegetarians. Oh, good. I'll have six more of these, please. People are staring at me, they looked at me. Even hump of American, how much he's eating. Line them up, my friend. Oh, yeah. So, nice walking around here. The party and the components are really amazing. There's always drums somewhere.  [21:05:00] UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Welcome to Salvador my friend.  BOURDAIN: Good to be here, again.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Oh, yeah?  BOURDAIN: Love it here.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Please. One cup for you, men. Welcome to Salvador.  BOURDAIN: Thank you.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What a good seat. BOURDAIN: This is Claudio and Maurelia. It's good to have friends in a place like Salvador. In fact, you're pretty much lost without them. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE. BOURDAIN: Tuesday night in (inaudible).  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yeah, man. And then Tuesday nights are very impressive. Many people come to church first, next they go drinking around. Try something, listen to go amused(ph) and you call it here, man. BOURDAIN: You have to work tomorrow, right?  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yeah.  BOURDAIN: I guess that's Brazil, right?  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes, Brazil, but you have this kind of behavior here, not in whole city.  BOURDAIN: So, how different is Salvador from Rio and Sao Paulo?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Men, Salvador is a modern, you know, (inaudible). This is amazing area.  BOIRDAIN: It is.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's amazing. Eat, drink, history, memory, anything.  BOURDAIN: Pelourinho, Pelo for short, was Salvador during the Portuguese colonial period. It's almost always a party, a series of parties, actually, but tonight is special.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Look at this, man.  BOURDAIN: Smells good.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.  BOURDAIN: Oh, that's good.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Isn't that good?  BOURDAIN: Where to next?  (INAUDIBLE)  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I like to bring you here today because coming here, people everywhere, it's free party. You can dance, you can drink in here everywhere. It's amazing. Do you want to try that?  BOURDAIN: What is it?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's Caramio, mix of honey and lemon.  BOURDAIN: Alcohol?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.  BOURDAIN: Alcohol of unknown original in dispensed from atop the head of a stranger? It's good. Mama always said that was a good idea. I don't know if it's the booze or the music or the tropical heat, but after awhile bouncing from place to place, wandering down old cobblestone streets, different music issuing from everywhere, a different party, people flowing out of buildings, one gathering, commingling with another, the music mixing, it really does seem that everybody is moving to some mysterious unknowable pulse, some unheard throb that moves people to constantly touch each other, stroke hips, necks, limbs. It is useful to know that of over 12 million Africans dragged, ripped and kidnapped from their homelands, nearly five million ended up in Brazil. 1.5 million of them in Bahia alone.  [21:10:08] Pelourinho became the locus of a vast infrastructure of plantations and the slave trade that powered them. Making this city in Northeastern Brazil the most opulent in the new world. Pelourinho, it's worth pointing out, gets its name from the whipping post. A hundred years after slavery was outlawed in Brazil, Pelourinho had been forgotten. But of course, the neighborhood had its charms. If you were an artist, a musician, a writer, you could afford to live here. Cheap rent for long-time locals or shiny new art galleries at hipster cafes, we know which way the current of history runs.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE  BOURDAIN: Here, though, one man stands alone. Jayme Figura a poet, sculptor, painter, musician, now perhaps his own greatest artistic creation. He's chosen to hide his face from view and to stand in opposition, an eyesore, a rebuke, a defiant war-like embarrassment to the occupiers. As he dresses now, this is for protection but as I understand, also protest.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) JAYME FIGURA: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's a kind of protest but also protection. You know?  BOURDAIN: Who's the enemy?  FIGURA: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Everyone. You see face, you see heart.  BOURDAIN: How long have you been wearing the armor? How long?  FIGURA: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: 46 years.  BOURDAIN: 46 years. That was a long time ago. You ever been on the beach? FIGURA: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No, sir. Only shadow.  BOURDAIN: Are you Goth, dude.  FIGURA: Whiskey.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Whiskey and coco. It's about not sun. No sun.  FIGURA:(SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Not water, not sun.  BOURDAIN: Just down from where we're sitting, Gymez(ph) Pelourinho studio. His water and power have been shut off but he insists he's going nowhere. Brazil is supposed to be about what, music, dancing, sun, hot women. Does he reject those things? Does he think that's bull?  FIGURA: (SPEAKING A FOREIGN LANGUAGE) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I am the wrong country.  BOURDAIN: Where would the perfect place be?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Rock city.  BOURDAIN: Rock city. That's Detroit.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Detroit.  FIGURA: Detroit.  BOURDAIN: Detroit, rock city. What music inspires him?  FIGURA: Iron maiden.  BOURDAIN: Iron maiden. I think they're touring, actually.  FIGURA: Nirvana.  BOURDAIN: Metallica?  FIGURA: Beethoven.  BOURDAIN: Beethoven. FIGURA: Metallica, Beethoven. BOURDAIN: What do you think about all of this? Anybody who comes here recognizes immediately that this is a really uniquely extraordinary and despite many problems, a uniquely wonderful, magical place.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's a magical place but also for us, for me and for him, here is a place where many people have, black has suffered. That is still one kind of karma of this old history here, you know?  BOURDAIN: So, what is the real Pelourinho?  [21:15:00] UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) FIGURA: (SPEAKING FOREING LANGUAGE) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We are. (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) FIGURA: (SPEAKING FOREING LANGUAGE) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) FIGURA: (SPEAKING FOREING LANGUAGE) (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN: I don't like Pina Coladas but I like walking in the rain. I like wandering through markets as much as the next guy, but what I really like are neurotoxins. In Japan, they call it Fugu. Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's eyes, ovaries and internal organs are just packed with varying amounts of toxins and some hysterical mini's(ph) will tell you the tetrodotoxin present in the blowfish is 1200 times more potent than cyanide and they'll tell you how if it's consumed, you remain conscious while your muscles gradually become paralyzed and death, like a slow-moving freight train, moves closer and closer. And whatever you do, just make sure you cut out that liver. I say bull. So, we're eating blowfish.  [21:20:00] UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes. It's an adventure.  BOURDAIN: Like the Japanese, they like the poisons?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I know, I know, I know, yeah.  BOURDAIN: But they remove the liver and the skin?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's supposed to be removed properly.  BOURDAIN: Right. Properly, right. I saw a Simpsons episode, I think.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This guy makes it great.  BOURDAIN: Poisonous blowfish will take a recipe. Add to said fish, lemon, coriander, onion, tomato, coconut milk, dende oil, cover and simmer. I am confident in this cook I don't know. And in this man, Bel Borba(ph) my host and an aficionado of this dish. Smelling good.  BEL BORBA, ARTIST: Bon appetite.  BOURDAIN: Thank you.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This is a lot of pepper, huh?  BOURDAIN: Oh, yeah. Good pepper. Nice and spicy. I can't feel my legs. Is that a bad thing? Bel is an artist, after all. A very famous one. So, he knows about neurotoxins. He comes from a long tradition of artists who have found inspiration in Bahia. Is there something about Salvador you think that's conducive to an artistic sensibility? There is so much color here and music.  BORBA: The light here is beautiful.  BOURDAIN: The light is really special. I mean, just the colors of the city are amazing. The colors of the people are amazing, and the way they move.  BORBA: They move.  BOURDAIN: I don't know, when I first came here, I thought everybody in this city looks like they just got or they're on their way to go. (LAUGHTER)  BOURDAIN: So, this was the central market back before supermarkets, this is where everybody did their shopping, right?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Oh, yes. You know what, this is the real Brazil here. The real Bahia.  BOURDAIN: Right.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This place is fantastic of the city. They sell shrimps and stuff, oil and stuff, this kind of oil, they called dende, palm oil.  BOURDAIN: Oh, yeah.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: However you want to call it.  BOURDAIN: And I love the dende oil. You know, it takes some getting used to. The first time I was here, you know, you eat it, you ship like a mink for hours afterwards. But now, no problems. I've been eating this all week. Love it. You spend time in Brazil... UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You develop resistance.  BOURDAIN: There you go buddy. Hope you like spicy. He's a Brazilian cat. He's got to like spicy. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN: A little cachuchas.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Oh, yes.  BOURDAIN: Told you. That will set you right.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I think that will protect you from the poison. BOURDAIN: Right. We're coming up to the world cup and I know a lot of  people will be reading about crime and all that. How do you think it's gonna go, the world cup? Disaster or it's going to somehow work out?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I think it will be a success.  BOURDAIN: You think it will be a success.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'm sure of it.  BOURDAIN: Salvador is one of the host cities for the 2014 world cup. A huge stadium has recently been completed, but a lot of people are worried, concerned, if Brazil is ready. I've been told thousands of prostitutes are studying tourist-appropriate languages in preparation, so probably a lot of people are gonna get laid, a lot of people are gonna get robbed, a lot of people are gonna get laid and robbed.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Have you ever been here in carnival?  BOURDAIN: No.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The world cup is that carnival.  BOURDAIN: And that works out, right? That's not a slaughter fest.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's a breakfast.  BOURDAIN: Right.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Things happen but it works.  BOURDAIN: I think Salvador in particular is a place where...  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: May I?  BOURDAIN: No, buddy, thank you. No matter what, people should come. Even people who are afraid to travel, who say oh, well, but I hear. No, you know what, this is, live your life, man. You should not miss a place like this, because there aren't a lot of places in the world that even come close to this.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Look at we're today, I invited you to have this dish. We are not going to die. Because... BOURDAIN: Yeah, I'm pretty sure. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Because we're not going to die. [21:25:00] BOURDAIN: I'm pretty sure Mr. Muffin stuff over here is gonna suddenly going to jump on, he start clawing my face.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: If the poison was active, she's dead.  BOURDAIN: I didn't think of that. We call you canary. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We are not born for dying.  BOURDAIN: No.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN: The bay of all saints, a vast natural harbor allowed Salvador to prosper. Tucked along its shore, if you look hard enough, you'll find a small grouping of shacks roofed in corrugated tin. This is where a local fishermen's association brings their catch to sell to wholesalers, and then relax after a long day on the water.  [21:30:08]  Catch of the day, the prized big red snapper. Rub with sea salt, lemon, olive oil, grill over charcoal. Enjoy view. So, everybody here is fishermen? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN: Meet, Maloca, a very special guy. He's been working as our head of security and as for reasons that are immediately obvious, he enjoys respect and reputation on the streets. But he also comes out of this neighborhood and these guys are his friends. How's business now? I mean, lot of fish out there? Fishing business good?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN: Lunch wouldn't be complete without a delicious spicy salsa of garlic, tomato, onions and peppers. On the side, some deep fried little smelts. Don't forget the beer and the Cachaca and enjoy.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN: Yeah. That will work. Looks like a big grouper.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's a big redfish.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I have to advise you that it's spicy. BOURDAIN: It's spicy. What do they drink, beer or Cachaca?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN: Both.  (LAUGHTER) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN: Still working?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He work more than all of us.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN: They use a line or net?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN: A line.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: My secret is just the hand around a piece of wood like that and take like that.  BOURDAIN: They don't cut the hands?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Always cut the hands.  BOURDAIN: Fishing anywhere is hard and the way these guys do it, particularly hard. Mostly hand lines from small boats. Just look at these hands. OK. (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN: You're a hard man. Literally.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN: Yeah, that's what I want, right here. Oh, yeah. Jackpot. That's -- you'll pardon the expression, some good head.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The fisherman loves the head.  BOURDAIN: It's awesome.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's the best part for them.  BOURDAIN: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN: Looking good. Take him to slow him right on the (inaudible). Good piece of fish. Beautiful.  [21:33:55] (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [21:37:38] BOURDAIN: In Rio, if you're anything less than perfectly cut, you feel terrible going to the beach. You never want to go to the beach. Here, you can frolic in a Speedo and feel pretty good about myself. Let it all hang out here.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN: Caipirinha?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Caipirinha. BOURDAIN: Ah, the Caipirinha man. This indispensable icon of Brazilian beach culture is known to start with fresh lime, muddle and mash with more lime juice, sugar, ice, the magic ingredient, Cachaca. That's basically the distilled liquor of the sugar cane. Shaken, not stirred, and you've got yourself one of the world's truly great cocktails, the utility beverage good for any time of day or any social occasion. Very satisfying. (Inaudible) toasted cheese things here, awesome.  BOURDAIN: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN: If there's anything better than cheese, it's semi-melted cheese. And what's the best part of French onion soup? It's the little burned bits of cheese around the edge. Oh, yeah. Just as good as it looks.  [21:40:05] Look at this line. These guys are famous. Acaraje, I've had it before. I have had it here, in fact. These ladies make it good. Really good. The clothes go back to the newly freed slaves who now were able to practice their religion and began selling the Acaraje to support the (inaudible) community. What is Acaraje? Behold. A paste, a batter, a falafel like wad or smooched up black-eyed peas, seasoned with brown brine (ph) shrimp and onions, deep fried to crispy and golden with some chili spike in dende oil. Already if you're a rookie, you're guaranteed some quality time on the porcelain bus real soon. On the top, you got you're (inaudible) which is sort of a shrimp curry paste. And your tomato salad, your fried shrimp, Camarao frito, a must. All right. Beautiful. Don't forget the hot chili oil and prepare for lift- off. Really good.         [21:42:35] (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [21:46:20] BOURDAIN: When millions of Africans were taken by force to Brazil, the traditions, the musical roots they had, instruments they played, their gods and their food came with them. In the days of slavery, you would hide that stuff, whether it was your religion or your self-defense skills. So, tell me about capoeira. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It was a kind of martial art but in the beginning  of the 19th century, capoeira became more like a game and the music instruments were associated to the finest.  BOURDAIN: No hats, right? Both feet and head (ph)? Why no hands?  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We use the hands in just a few movements.  BOURDAIN: Where did that come from and why do you think that became... UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Some people say that this is inspired by the animal movements.  BOURDAIN: In a recent study observing the comparative destructive power between kicks from various martial arts, of karate, muay thai and taekwondo, it was Capoeira that packed the most ferocious impact. The colonial masters knew this and made it illegal for much of Brazil's history. Today, maestros like Chanja (ph) and (inaudible) teach capoeira in classrooms and on stages. Originally it was a male- dominated activity. When did that change?  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Since the '60s. Masters (inaudible) -- we start our process in the beginning of the '80s and nowadays, we have hundreds of women practice capoeira.  BOURDAIN: What was it like in the beginning, the very first women who did it?  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Mothers or fathers or the family...  BOURDAIN: Right.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: You know, sad that capoeira is not for women, why do you decide to do this.  BOURDAIN: Afro Brazilian cuisine is the result of many, many years of cooks experimenting with African and Portuguese dishes combined with local ingredients like seafood, chillies, coconut milk. This is Angelica's house. Open one day a week as a restaurant serving her unique style of Bahian dishes. Beautiful. Wow. Look at that.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Looks very good.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN: How has being a master of capoeira, how has that changed the rest of your life?  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I think changed it a lot. Women in general, they don't learn to fight. Learning how to be involved in real fights, game and fight at the same time, we became more prepared to be involved in symbolic fight and in our society, the women -- they are not so well prepared like men.  CROWD: (SINGING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN: It was purely African in the beginning, and now it's Afro- Brazilian form, is that correct?  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: All the instruments are African instruments.  BOURDAIN: Right. They're singing. A lot of singing, and it's important.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yeah. Yeah. And in Portuguese -- that we in our group, and in a Capoeira, we start to include music from multi- cultural African cultural traditions including lyrics in African language.  BOURDAIN: All the things that we look at as Brazilian from outside looking in, the cuisine, samba, all of these things are very African in origin.  [21:50:08] This is kind of where that all started, yes? I mean, I don't want to say it's the real Brazil. Everyone looks at Rio as the postcard Brazil, but here it's really -- you feel it, those things. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It has to do with this big concentration of  Africans since the beginning. It's different.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) (COMMERCIAL BREAK)  [21:55:00] BOURDAIN: If you, say, found yourself in Brazil and had a chance to hire a boat, head for the beach with a bunch of new friends, bring along a skilled mixologist, expertly trained in the fine arts of caipirinha making, why wouldn't you? Charge across the water, headed for a nice, quiet island, order up some sun to come out from behind dark clouds right about now. Sometimes cliches are cliches for a reason. Because they're good ideas to start with, which is why people keep looking for them and doing them over and over. In a perfect world upon reaching said enchanted island, you jump into the warm Atlantic waters, and if you could, you would have a classic soundtrack to this adventure, like samba, for instance. Splash around for a while, maybe enjoy a nice cold beer or two. You truly have not taken a beach until a man has set up the caipirinha station. Then you know the LZ is secure.  I love nature and caipirinha. Oh what's going on here? Caipirinha. Please. Sweet. This alone is an argument for the greatness of this country. And what goes great with caipirinha is on the beach? How about some barbecue? (Inaudible) would show here by the way. Someone take it. Please, (inaudible) don't eat me. Look in your heart. Don't eat me. Oh, no. Not my head. To complete the picture, make a large fish. Maybe some crab.  You know, anytime you get your Chinese, your Brazilians and your Italians all agreeing on something, it's pretty clear it's a really good idea. Everybody agrees that this complicated looking creature with all those troublesome shells is worth the work. So, you tear off the little limbs. We'll get to you a little later, my friends. Rip out the tail. These are the lungs you don't want them. Now, you've got all this nice fat in there. Oh, yeah. Now, we're getting to the claw. Look at that. Let's poke him out of there. Oh, yeah. This should do that that little melon of goodness. Like a celestial nibble.  When people started demanding boneless stuff like chicken without a bone or crab meat without the actual crab, or lazy lobster, that was the beginning of the erosion of our society as we know it. If you're not willing to work for a payoff like this, how do you expect us to, like, fight al Qaeda if you can't suck the meat out of a crab? Character builder, and delicious. And if your perfect day really did happen, you would probably let yourself be swept away. By liquor and good food and gin clear water, all around you, horny Brazilians, casually fondle each other, get all dozy and fall asleep.  [22:00:03] [19:00:27] UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  (Singing in Spanish.) ANTHONY BOURDAIN, HOST:  I always feel slightly oppressed by beautiful vistas, you know I mean?   (MUSIC) Ah, the storybook kingdom of Granada.  One of the oldest, most complex, magically surreal places in Spain.  And one of the most beautiful.   Granada is tucked against the Sierra Nevada Mountains of Andalucia in southern Spain.  It's not like Barcelona.  It's not like San Sebastian.  It ain't Madrid.  Any reasonable, sentient person who looks at Spain, comes to Spain, eats in Spain, drinks in Spain, they're going to fall in love.  Otherwise, there's something deeply wrong with you.   Spain is the sort of place that never really made any sense anyway. But in the very best possible way.  This is the country that gave us the Spanish inquisition.  Also anarchy.  This is where devout Catholicism mixes with surrealism, modernist cuisine with traditional tapas.  Christianity and Islam traded places, shared space.  And the effects and influences of all those things are right here to see.   You can almost look back through time and through the mists of history see the Phoenicians marching up across the Vega, or are those feral hippies?   An influx of international hippies, many of whom appeared to have set up squats in the caves up the mountain and made things interesting.   They asked me if we're doing this they would stage in a moon landing.   Wherever you are on the ideological spectrum, however, some things are constant, it seems.  Some stereotypical expectations.  It's true, there are free tapas everywhere.  Yes, they do actually take siestas which is a civilized damn thing to do far as I can see.   Flamenco, yes.  They do that also.  But in Granada, they do it old school.  And oh yes, bullfighting.  They do that here, too.   But I digress.  I'm here actually to answer a question.  What happens if you go over to the other side?  Say you grew up in the states and like a lot of us wondered, fantasized about what it would be like living abroad in old Europe, surrounded by crusader castles, delicious food, another language, another culture?  What would that alternate life, that road not taken be like?   My longtime friend and cameraman from Maine Zach Zamboni is finding out.   So where are we going?   ZACH ZAMBONI, FRIEND:  Right here, one of these tables, which maybe we want to do like this with.  See?  How often you get to out with somebody that can appropriately block the table?   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  Misery is what it is.   ZAMBONI:  Boy.   BOURDAIN:  Yes, of course.   Snails in an almond sauce.  About as traditional and as  delicious as it gets.   That's a plate full of perfect (INAUDIBLE).   ZAMBONI:  Good tapa, huh?   BOURDAIN:  That's right.  Tapas come from here.  And this is still one of the few places in Spain where they're free.   [19:05:02] All you have to do is keep drinking.   ZAMBONI:  You can sit here all day.  Just order a couple of drinks and --   BOURDAIN:  Right.  No rush.  I'm glad I'm spending some time here.   Red wine ordered.  Tripes to follow.  Tender, spicy, delicious tripe.   ZAMBONI:  Sun.  Plaza.  Guts.  It's pretty good.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Hello.  Hello.   BOURDAIN:  Not too long ago, before Zack basically defected to Spain, he met Fuen.  The next thing you know, he's living here.  Part of an extended Andalucian family.  Eat in the hand, drink in the wine, living the life of the Spanish dandy.  In freaking Granada, no less.   Classically, culturally speaking, do you want a sensitive, nice, caring thoughtful guy?   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Well, it depends on the woman, first.  But usually we look for this kind of person that we know he will protect us.   BOURDAIN:  From what?  Feral hippies?   (LAUGHTER) UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  It's very simple.  You know, or --   BOURDAIN:  I would love to do the vows of your wedding.  Do you, Zach Zambodin.   ZAMBONI:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  Swear to protect Fuen Sanchez from any attacks by feral cave-dwelling hippies?  Who might attempt her to sell her jewelry or other things of little value.   (LAUGHTER) UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Zach is a pretty cool (INAUDIBLE).   BOURDAIN:  I figure now that Zach is marrying into a Spanish family, I can piggyback along, for this.  Suck up the lure of the magic, live a little bit of what has often been my dream, too.   ZAMBONI:  But if we can get weird for a second here, man.  Some places, do they have an energy, man, about them?   BOURDAIN:  What are you saying now?   ZAMBONI:  You know, I don't want to get into metaphysics or, you know, some places we go.   BOURDAIN:  You're going to be living up in a cave if you keep talking like this.   (LAUGHTER) More wine.   To see Spain, to see it straight, to understand it at all, you should probably peek, if only through spread fingers, at that most Spanish of traditions.  Bullfighting.   Meet El Fandi, one of Spain's most dashing and respected bullfighters. He's invited me to La Marquesas Ranch, a private bull ring where he likes to practice.   ALEJANDRO, FRIEND:  So what you're going to do now is they're going to check brave --   BOURDAIN:  And if the calf is not brave, stew.   ALEJANDRO:  Exactly.   BOURDAIN:  Along with me for the day, Fuen's brother Alejandro, who, like many Spaniards, consider bullfighting an art.  Today a little practice first.  And don't worry, this guy is too young to fight.   ALEJANDRO:  You see the red cape, you know this is the most thing. Where they make all the art, all the poetry.   BOURDAIN:  Why the cape and not the man?   ALEJANDRO:  Because it's moving.   BOURDAIN:  So that's important?   ALEJANDRO:  That's important.   BOURDAIN:  You don't want to be moving --   ALEJANDRO:  You don't want to be moving at all.   (LAUGHTER) It seems the --   BOURDAIN:  This guy clearly has spirit.  Right away he tries to take a poke at Zach's femoral artery.  Promising.   ALEJANDRO:  (INAUDIBLE).   BOURDAIN:  I don't think so.   ALEJANDRO:  Sure.  You are him.  He's going to teach you.   BOURDAIN:  Yes?   ALEJANDRO:  Sure.   BOURDAIN:  OK.   No one likes to look like a pussy on TV, so when El Fandi jokingly suggest I join him in the ring to wave a pink cape at an aggressive young bull, who just moments ago charged my cameraman, I said what any idiot would say -- si.   It all starts well enough.  Hey, this is fun.  This is easy.  Until I get a horn hooked right up next to my nutsack.  Then it's not so fun.   Thanks, guys.   This youngster shall live, perhaps to gore a future TV host with his mighty horns.   Now this, this is what a real bull looks like.  This is a whole different thing.  Five hundred freaking kilos of aggressive charging four-legged killdozer aiming at your meat and two legs.   It's a lot of muscle.   ALEJANDRO:  Yes, it's a lot of muscle.  That's a big bull.  [19:10:41]  BOURDAIN:  No matter how big, how strong, how scary, for  this intrepid reporter who's seen many animals die for his dinner, this part is never easy.   ALEJANDRO:  So as you see, he puts the cape lower.  So when the bull brings the face forward, showing the neck -- that's it.  That was very good.  And -- yes, that's it.   BOURDAIN:  Hey, it's time for stew.  Bull stew.  Our friend went to a better place after all.  Like a big pot where he's simmers slowly for hours with local herbs, onions and potatoes.  Nothing like a roaring fire in a spread of Garico ham, homemade chorizo, Spanish cheeses, bread, and good olive oil to take the sting out of a near genital mutilation.   Nice.   ALEJANDRO:  Look good, huh?  It's not a bad place to come, right?   BOURDAIN:  No.   (LAUGHTER) Now he started at age 19?   EL FANDI, SPANISH BULLFIGHTER:  When I was a little kid, I always practiced with bulls.  But my first public fight, I was 14.   BOURDAIN:  When you were a little boy growing up, you aspired to be a matador.   ALEJANDRO:  Yes.  Exactly.   BOURDAIN:  The matadors were the original rock stars, the very ideal of masculinity, male beauty, and grace.  That runs deep.  Like it or not, you should probably know this before dating a Spanish guy.   Me, I'll happily see it into it tomorrow.  But there is no denying the terrible beauty of a very complex tradition.   It's not about winning.  It's not about killing the bull.  And nor is it about being just skillful.  You have to look good doing it, too.   ALEJANDRO:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  Are there really like really ugly ass bullfighters?   (LAUGHTER) But a really out of shape -- I'm not (INAUDIBLE) with a muffin top. How do you call a muffin top?   ALEJANDRO:  I think there's a little -- yes, there's a little bit of everything.   BOURDAIN:  Interesting.  Well, it was an education today, and a great meal.  Thank you.   ALEJANDRO:  Cheers.   BOURDAIN:  Cheers.   [19:13:00] (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [19:16:00] BOURDAIN:  Holy Week or Semana Santa as it's called.  Observed all over southern Spain with a seriousness and a fervor you might not see elsewhere.  For seven days leading up to Easter, nearly every city in Andalucia gets taken over by ancient processions.  To an outsider, it's an impenetrable montage of confusing, yet deeply evocative images.   Figures in dark hoods loom up from every direction.  Smoke pots of incense, candles, religious imagery, and the crowds.  Flashes of Goya (INAUDIBLE), dimly remembered impressions of the inquisition.   OK, watch this.  These guys got to get their painstakingly crafted, massively sized and incredibly heavy and cumbersome float through the door, down the steps, and out into the street.   PEDRO, FRIEND:  But the women who escort the Virgin, they wear candles to light the whole way to the cathedral.   BOURDAIN:  Pedro is another of Fuen's brothers, the youngest, and when not working for an I.T. company in Ireland, he does this.  He carries crushingly heavy religious floats.  They're calleed casteleros.  And they devout months of training to this.   That thing is huge.   PEDRO:  Yes, they're moving.  It's huge.  And this is very, very heavy.  Very heavy throne.   BOURDAIN:  The Virgin float, about 3,500 pounds total, and precise dimensions that have to make it through the door just so.  The bearers have to kneel.  Crawl along with it on their backs to get it through the door.  And the main event.  Ready, set, up.   Let's face it.  I like a procession and all, but who likes a bunch of guys in hoods coming in your general direction?  I don't.  Frankly, it freaks me out.  Time for a drink, perhaps.   This is Tabernacle.  As best I understand it an eastern Jesus and Mary-themed drinking establishment, where between drinks one can ponder the agony of Christ, but with sausages.   Is it like this all year or just over Easter?   PEDRO:  The whole year.   BOURDAIN:  Whole year.  It's always like this.   PEDRO:  Whole year.  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  Wow.   PEDRO:  You have incense all year.  Eastern music all year.   BOURDAIN:  Now is this a week for quiet contemplation and worship or is this a party week or both?   PEDRO:  Both of them.   BOURDAIN:  Throughout the course of the week, over 40-odd processions will creep slowly through these streets.   [19:19:56] There are different brotherhoods, each with their own sacred colors, crests, insignia and so on.  It's their medallions of particular Christ images that adorn the bar.  And frankly, they're kind of bumming me out.   Maybe it's just me, but when I'm getting a nice late morning buzz, I don't particularly want Jesus looking down at me from, like, everywhere.   How drunk can you get here?  Don't you feel a little guilty for getting really drunk here?   PEDRO:  Yes, of course.   BOURDAIN:  This is one of my favorite things.   PEDRO:  This is your favorite thing.   BOURDAIN:  Yes.   PEDRO:  Try it.  It's amazing.   BOURDAIN:  Gaze away disapprovingly all you like, Jesus.  I am happy now.   Overlooking Granada, the hillside of Sacramonte is riddled with caves, many of them older than anyone even remembers.  Spanish gypsies or Gitanos have lived here in caves turned homes like this for hundreds of years.   They call this a juerga, an informal, intimate and spontaneous performance.  What jazz musicians might recognize as a jam session.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  This is it.  Granada.  The only place in the world where you get to see real flamenco in a cave.   BOURDAIN:  Alissia (ph) like just about in Granada is an aficionado. Our host, Kuro (ph), is a poet, historian, and a patriarch of the Gitano community here.  An icon of the flamenco world.  Gitano.  You see travelers, Roma people are more embraced by the  culture here than most other places in Europe.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  We have our own gypsies.  Those are ours.  Yes. We can tell you three things that we -- for sure we do here.  We do flamenco.  We do tapas.  And we do siestas.   BOURDAIN:  You do them well.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Yes.  We know how to live, don't we?   BOURDAIN:  Yes.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I am going to have a drink.  Because we have 100 years to live.  To sleep, to dream, to do everything.  Pure emotions. The blood of gypsies boils.  You have seen how it is.  We make music that comes from our roots.  It was created for big spectacles.  It's music that comes from within.  When there is pain or joyful laughter, we sing.   [19:25:00] BOURDAIN:  They dig deep for their material here.  It means something. They're telling you something about themselves.   What's the word?  Duende.  What is Duende?  I've heard it.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Duende is the artist reaching the sublime.   BOURDAIN:  Is it an emotional state or a technical --   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  No.  No.  It doesn't have to do with passion. It's an ecstasy.  It happes a lot when one is in love.  Loved, but not loved back.   BOURDAIN:  Is unhappiness necessary for great art?   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  It's necessary, but magnifico.   BOURDAIN:  Very deep.  You'd have to think about that.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  You have to be suffering at that moment.  It comes out good too when relaxed.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  And then you perform very well after a couple of these.   BOURDAIN:  Right.  I may not have Duende, but I have Valentine's.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  And duende comes when horny.   BOURDAIN:  I know that expression.  Wait a minute.   [19:26:10] (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [19:29:48] BOURDAIN:  Nighttime in Granada.  And it's time to pursue that greatest of Spanish traditions, tapas.  You may think you know what a tapa is.  Like you did have small bites at some fusion hipster bar where they did a whole lot of little plates.  Yes, that ain't a tapa.   So how often do you do this?   ZAMBONI:  I do it five days a week.   BOURDAIN:  Really?   ZAMBONI:  It's rare not to do this.  But, you know, it's like on a weekend, you come out for a bunch.  Weekday, you come out for one.   BOURDAIN:  This is Latana, a little place run by (INAUDIBLE), Jesus and Louisa, brother and sister.  One bartender, one cook, taking care of everything.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Tapa is for free.  That's the main issue of the tapa.   BOURDAIN:  So you're just paying for the wine.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Exactly.   BOURDAIN:  So if I were like a degenerate -- wino, I can still eat well?  As long as I can afford my wine, I eat.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Cheers.   BOURDAIN:  Let us put this theory into practice.  With our first round of drinks comes this.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Tomato with bread, garlic, olive oil, and blended.   BOURDAIN:  Yes.  I could pretty much eat that all day long.   That's right.  Tapas are free.  It shouldn't work, but somehow it does.  Another drink, another tapa.  Tomatoes, olive oil, bread.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Yes.  Awesome.  It's amazing.   BOURDAIN:  So I just -- all I've got to do is keep drinking and I'd be eating like this?   ZAMBONI:  Keep eating.  Yes.  Yes.  Although maybe you'd be interested in caviar here.   BOURDAIN:  Really?   ZAMBONI:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  But that's not included with my --  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Well, that's another point of the tapas.  Usually you have a few tapas.  And then, you know --   BOURDAIN:  Use that to get hungry.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Yes.   ZAMBONI:  Exactly.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  (INAUDIBLE) portion.   ZAMBONI:  They're just hooking you in with this.   BOURDAIN:  It's all a scam.   ZAMBONI:  It is a scam.   BOURDAIN:  Little couple of little nibbles, the next thing you know, you're ordering 200 grams of caviar.   Caviar ain't free, my friend.  Delicious, entirely sustainable Spanish caviar from farm (INAUDIBLE).   ZAMBONI:  It's funny, you can go into a place like this.  Get --   BOURDAIN:  Bread and tomato.   ZAMBONI:  Yes.  Or --   BOURDAIN:  Some high test caviar.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  You guys are going to eat the whole thing in one.   BOURDAIN:  Sorry, is there something wrong with that?  Not even married yet, it's nag, nag, nag.  Next wine.  Let's do it.   Ah, tapas.  What a novel concept.  There's even a verb for it. Tapayar.  Meaning to take tapas.  As in if we're going to tapayar some more, we're going to have to elbow past this crowd of Catholics here.   ZAMBONI:  Is it extra insane because it's time of the Semana?  Yes, but it's always busy here, man.  The bar we were going is just on the other side.   BOURDAIN:  Maybe we go around.   With parades crisscrossing the city in every direction, the steady drumbeat warns that your route is about to be cut off entirely for the next 40 minutes.   ZAMBONI:  We can across.  We can cross.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Zach, we have to go around.   ZAMBONI:  Where?  Going around, going around, going around.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  But we need to walk past.   ZAMBONI:  Pardon.  Pardon.  Pardon.  Gracias.  Pardon, senora.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  It's impossible.  You cannot pass through here.   ZAMBONI:  Yes, everybody has to -- it's the only way.   BOURDAIN:  People take their processions very seriously here and aren't exactly accommodating to anyone who threatens to block the view.   ZAMBONI:  That was amazing, right?   BOURDAIN:  Yes.   ZAMBONI:  See?  Tell me (INAUDIBLE) in that music.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  It isn't (INAUDIBLE) that music.   BOURDAIN:  Finally, bar number two.  Oliver.  This place is always packed.  Beer, please.  And with it comes a delightful tapa of mussels steamed in butter and olive oil.   ZAMBONI:  Look at that.  That's a great tapa.  Come on.  This is what's different.   BOURDAIN:  Right.   ZAMBONI:  People come in here and they will eat like this perfectly happy.  Perfectly content to forego the table, come on here and stand around and eat like this.   BOURDAIN:  One's glass of wine comes with fried eggplant and honey, which sounds to me like it boorish (INAUDIBLE).  More wine accompanied by these delicious little clams.   Yes.   And the main event.   Now we are talking.  Yes.   These langosteens, however, are not tapas and consequently not free. But worth it at any price.   That's so totally awesome.  We did good work here.   ZAMBONI:  Anything else (INAUDIBLE) or should we go on?   BOURDAIN:  No, let's move on.   ZAMBONI:  All right.  Let's move on.   BOURDAIN:  As this death march of tapas continues, things start to get a little weird.  [19:35:02]  This is the story of my life.  He doesn't do this at home,  does he?   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  No.   (LAUGHTER) No, Zach.  Now I understand how you feel.   BOURDAIN:  Yes.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Every day.   BOURDAIN:  Good.  Finally.  A little empathy.  I do like the increasingly meta-aspect of this show.  I should really be live streaming.  That would really be interesting.  Finally, Bar Gallardo. Just making it before closing.  Now let's be honest, we've had a lot to eat and drink at this point.  Some restraint needs to be shown.   Dude, if you want to eat -- OK.  Fried fish.   ZAMBONI:  Little ones.   BOURDAIN:  Little ones.   ZAMBONI:  Then we're done.   BOURDAIN:  And cheese.   But instead, three more beers, three more tapas.  Gees.  Little fried smelt and (INAUDIBLE), baby lamb chops.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  These are super good.   BOURDAIN:  These are super good.  I'm uncomfortable with the idea of something for nothing.   ZAMBONI:  Right.  It's not something for nothing.  It's all --   BOURDAIN:  It's $3 for a glass of wine in some different (INAUDIBLE).   ZAMBONI:  Yes, but if somebody can get demand for it in the U.S., this will take off.   BOURDAIN:  No, never.   ZAMBONI:  Really?   BOURDAIN:  We will never have tapas culture in America.  Never.  Ever. So you're looking to change the entire day, from the minute you get up in the morning in America.  Not in the afternoon.  Are you out of your mind?   ZAMBONI:  I want to be in (INAUDIBLE), walk to my bar.  I want to have a little beer.   BOURDAIN:  Yes, I want a golden unicorn that shits money.   (LAUGHTER) Both of those scenarios are equally likely.   [19:36:40] (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [19:40:20] BOURDAIN:  Every storybook kingdom needs a castle.  Granada, it's got a good one.  The Alhambra.  One of the most enchanted, inscrutable, maddeningly beautiful structures ever created by man.  Built on top of ninth century fortifications by the Nasrid Dynasty, then added to and added to as history unfolded through wars and tragedy and invasion and conquest.   ZAMBONI:  From the outside, it's very bare.  All you see are these tiny windows.  And it's projecting impenatrability.  But then you come in here.   BOURDAIN:  Zach has gone -- well, let's call it what it is.  A bit mad about the place.  The details, and there are a lot of them, can obsess a man.  Plus he's a cinematographer, so you can understand once he starts to really look around how that might get a grip on a guy whose profession is the intricate play between light and darkness.   ZAMBONI:  My theory is that they're trying to weave nature, calligraphy, symbols.  These are all inscriptions within here. Inscriptions turned into graphics.   BOURDAIN:  Why because (INAUDIBLE) depict the words of God?   ZAMBONI:  Yes, but what you can depict, and this is what this entire place is, is geometric systems.   BOURDAIN:  Yes.   When the Nasrid Dynasty lived here, it was a harmonious space where light, shade, water, the transit of the moon and the stars were harnessed and glorified.   ZAMBONI:  I think the best assumption is nothing is random.  They came here and laid out everything according to --   BOURDAIN:  A plan.  Yes.   This was a place for reflection.  Each element of design presumably intended to have effects both psychological and religious.   ZAMBONI:  It's really a cinematographer's paradise.  Everything is about light and man.  Obviously they weren't cinematographers but everything is framing for them.   BOURDAIN:  How long did it take them to build this?  ZAMBONI:  Hundreds of years.   BOURDAIN:  That's why it takes so long for you to get the shot?   ZAMBONI:  Oh, snap.   BOURDAIN:  In the builders' time, engineers, astronomies, mathematicians were like priests, magicians, possessors of divine knowledge of how the universe worked.   Did they want to contemplate nature or did they want to conquer it, control it?   ZAMBONI:  I mean, they were certainly trying to emulate it.  You know, all their mathematics were really trying to figure out how nature worked, particularly the square roots and the repetition of pattern.   BOURDAIN:  They saw mathematical patterns in the sky and on earth, the way water moved and rippled, the way things grew, the simple pine cone, a fern, a pomegranate, and they thought about the basic truths these things might represent.   ZAMBONI:  These symmetries can all be shuffled, spun on any point and they align again with themselves.  So if you stretched them out, for them they pointed to infinity.   BOURDAIN:  We will understand all things.   ZAMBONI:  Through contemplating sacred geometry.   BOURDAIN:  How did nature unfold, pattern itself?  Could the basic designs of nature, even if divine, be replicated in this magnificent structure?   Trying to solve the root of God here.   ZAMBONI:  Exactly.   [19:44:30] (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [19:48:15] BOURDAIN:  An hour's drive from Granada, the Mediterranean.  Unlike much of Spain's coastline ruined by real estate, speculators and overdevelopment, the coast around here in (INAUDIBLE) is largely unspoiled.   I'm on my way to a moraga, a tradition in these parts, best described as the local version of a beach barbecue.   Working the grill, Chef Juan Andres Morilla.  He heads the highly regarded El Claustro back in Granada.  We're joined by fellow chef, Rafael Luque, and some friends.   You were killing us with some good-looking food here.   Some of that simple yet magical salmareho on toast.   It's one of my favorite things.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes?  Amazing.   BOURDAIN:  Fried tuna.  Flavor packed like tuna prosciutto.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Some olive oil.   BOURDAIN:  Hundred percent, extra virgin from Granada.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes, it's spicy.  And bitter.   BOURDAIN:  Awesome.   Spain is a beautiful country.  We're not even eating yet and it's good.  Oh, sweet.  Want mass.  That is like the best thing in the world.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  You want the whole thing?   BOURDAIN:  This?  Yes.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  Chocolate.   [19:50:00] This is the chocolate of the gods.   Some grilled octopus and sea brim, and some nice pork tenderloin.  And my personal favorite, a particularly delicious morcia, flesh blood sausage.  Yes.  They put some (INAUDIBLE) coming on.  I got to squeeze.  I'm telling you.  The sexual metaphors are coming. Beautiful.  This feeling of -- yes.  Looking good.  Wow.  Look at that.  A lot of fat.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.  Yes.  It's quite nice.   BOURDAIN:  Those were happy pigs.  Lazy pigs.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  The ones we like.  The ones we breed here.   BOURDAIN:  Yes, the pigs and the bulls are very happy here. Controlled, they're not.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.  No (INAUDIBLE).   BOURDAIN:  OK.  Enough with the work.  Let's eat.  Nice.  Awesome. Great meal.  Great, great, great.  Really.  This is the dream of all the world.  The dream is to live in Granada.  You know, work in the morning, have a one-hour in the afternoon, at night go out and have that life.  You know.  Go out and see your friends and eat tapa and drink red wine and be in a beautiful place.   You know, to have this kind of music and this food and this kind of culture and to look out the window and to see Spain.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  One thing.   BOURDAIN:  Yes?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Family.   BOURDAIN:  Yes.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Family is very, very, very important.   BOURDAIN:  Right.  See.  He did it right.  He's marrying into a Spanish family in Granada.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Great.   BOURDAIN:  Cheating, man.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.  He's very lucky.   BOURDAIN:  Very smart.  I know.  I know.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  And a smart guy.   BOURDAIN:  Right.   Look, no one is going to dare dream of this because this is too much to dream for.  This is extraordinary.  But an ordinary life in Spain looks pretty good to me.   [19:52:10] (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [19:55:55] BOURDAIN:  The new swinging Zamboni lifestyle.  Rise early like 9:00 a.m. then it's down to the corner coffee shop for a cafe coleche con baso.  Maybe a small breakfast like toast with tomato.  No more than that.  Light.  Simple.  Because there will be a lot more eating and drinking today, and you want to be ready.   By 2:00 p.m., he's made his way back up hill to mom's place.   ZAMBONI:  Every day I come here for lunch.  And I walk in and she says, get us two beers.  So I'll get two beers from the fridge and watch her cook.   BOURDAIN:  Everybody's home for Easter.  Maria Jose, Zach's soon to be mother-in-law, and Caloy, that's dad.  Plus Alejandro and Pedro, the soon-to-be brothers-in-law who you've already met.   What this nice family doesn't realize is they aren't just gaining a son but also an annoying half drunk and extremely hungry Uncle Tony.   And I know what happens here.  ZAMBONI:  Yes.  So let's -- OK.   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  Hamon.  Sitting there ready to be carved.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  In Spain there is a saying, the best medicine is ham and chorizo.   ALEJANDRO:  But you know, got to prove us that he was able to cut the ham before he proposed to my sister.   BOURDAIN:  I think that's a completely reasonable policy.   Eventually the appropriate hour for lunch approaches.   So not to embarrass you publicly, but Maine is not exactly the Mediterranean of America.  Let's put it that way.  How is he adapting to the Spanish lifestyle?  I mean, let's face it, he's a mean --   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  He's more Spanish than me.   BOURDAIN:  Really?   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Yes.  In the first week he was like, I don't understand.  Week after, (INAUDIBLE).   BOURDAIN:  It's interesting to see how you've made the transition. Cheers.   ZAMBONI:  Cheers.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  This is Remojon Granadino.  It's eaten during the Holy Week, especially in Granada.   BOURDAIN:  First off, this.  Bakalou salad.  Salt cod, egg, black olives, oranges, tomatoes dressed in olive oil.  Remember, this is Holy Week.  Maria Jose is preparing recipes that go back through the family so far that nobody knows exactly where they even came from.   Migas, another iconic dish of Analucia.  Informally referred to as the shepherd's lunch as the story goes.  Born as a way to use old, hard bread and combine all the week's leftovers.  I'm told that every household in Spain has a variation.  What changes is what you put on it.  Today it's sardines, cod, chorizo, melon, and peppers.   Man, that's a lot of good stuff in one bowl.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  So how often do you eat this well?   ZAMBONI:  Every lunch is like this.   BOURDAIN:  Every lunch in your life.   ZAMBONI:  Every day I'm here.  But lunch is --   BOURDAIN:  Big.   ZAMBONI:  Big.  Big lunch, siesta.  But you can't -- you know, I used to try to resist siesta.  And tou can't do it here.  Society will not accept you not taking a siesta here.  But that's the flaw of life here.   BOURDAIN:  That sort of begs the question now.  While I'm busy hating you for your life, how often do you getting a drunk a day?   ZAMBONI:  Twice.  One and a half.   (CROSSTALK) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  No.  No.  He doesn't get drunk.   ZAMBONI:  That is so Spanish, by the way.  Everybody has a very distinct opinion and it's completely different.  It's like this is a fact.   (CROSSTALK) BOURDAIN:  When my time comes, I pretty much want to die at a table like this.   Good work, Zamboni.  Good work.   So, Zach, happy with the show?   ZAMBONI:  Hope we don't suck on television.   BOURDAIN:  Dude, I think I'm setting a pretty low bar.  I'm going to tell you this relaxed lifestyle, you know, lounging around eating and drinking.  And no nap is long enough for me.  Life is good.   I envy you, Zach Zamboni.  And we're out.  Nice end.   [20:00:35] [20:00:47] ANTHONY BOURDAIN, HOST:  Peru is a country that has historically driven men mad, mad for gold, for coca, for its magical ancient history.  But now there's something else drawing outsiders to its hidden mountain valleys.  We love the stuff.  We obsess about it, gorge on it and fetishize it.  I'm talking about chocolate.   Once a common treat, it's now becoming as nuanced as fine wine making the pursuit of the raw good stuff all the more difficult.   I'm joining that hunt in remotist Peru, but not before I've re- immersed myself in the booming lima food scene.   (MUSIC) BOURDAIN:  I'm in Peru with this guy, Eric Ripert.   ERIC RIPERT, CHEF, LE BERNARDIN:  He was looking at this, he went into the tree.   BOURDAIN:  That's funny.   Chef of the world famous restaurant Le Bernardin in New York.  To look at where chocolate comes from, particularly our chocolate, the very expensive limited run designer chocolate bar business that Eric got me into last year.  So that's why we're in Peru.   But before we get all Indiana Jones, we're spending some time in Lima, as we like the capital city just fine.  And we have both of us, from previous trips, friends here.   Lima is the cultural hub and culinary capital of a country that has exploded in the last decade with scores of world class chefs, cooks, and restaurants.  It has long been considered to be one of the best food scenes in all of South America.   That was good.   RIPERT:  How far away is the house?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  That's it.  Yes.  Five minutes.   BOURDAIN:  One of our friends here is chef restaurateur Coque Ossio. He's one of the best, most successful chefs in the country.  His family is something of a beloved culinary dynasty in Peru and a small fishing village about an hour south of Lima is where they spend their weekends.  Coque's mom, Marisa Guiulfo, is like Peru's Julia Childs and James  Beard rolled into one.   BOURDAIN:  Thank you for having us.   A caterer, cookbook author, beloved icon of Peruvian gastronomy.   Yes, I'm going in.   To say one is fortunate to enjoy her hospitality would be an understatement.  Warm, generous, welcoming beyond belief.   MARISA GUIULFO, COQUE OSSIO'S MOTHER:  Too bad you're going to have to leave so soon.   BOURDAIN:  Yes.   COQUE OSSIO, CHEF RESTAURATEUR:  Normally, we have lunch late, like 5:00.   BOURDAIN:  Do you nap before lunch or after?   OSSIO:  Both.  No.  No.   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  Sounds like paradise.  Wow.  Look at this.   Every weekend, Marisa opens the house to an ever changing mob of friends, visitors, drop-ins and family.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  This is fantastic.   BOURDAIN:  They do not skimp on the food.  Delicious, delicious things pour out of the kitchen, a torrent, a deluge of traditional Peruvian favorites.   GUIULFO:  This is a (INAUDIBLE) salad with crab meat, yellow potato and avocado.  We love avocado.   [20:05:00]  BOURDAIN:  House (INAUDIBLE) is like a tureen of crab meat, eggs, avocado and mashed yellow potatoes.   OK.   GUIULFO:  This is delicious ceviche from the coast.   BOURDAIN:  Beautiful.   Basically raw king fish fillets dressed with aji Amarillo and lime juice.   Perfect.   GUIULFO:  That's scallops ceviche.   BOURDAIN:  Fresh scallops and lemon juice, garlic and aji (INAUDIBLE). Drum fish, braised in (INAUDIBLE), a corn based beer.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  They look fantastic.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Spicy or not?   GUIULFO:  This is very spicy.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Very spicy.   BOURDAIN:  And stuffed Riccotti peppers filled with ground beef and raisins, served with cheese.   Yes.  Wow.   RIPERT:  Are we lucky or what?   BOURDAIN:  We are lucky.   And that's just the beginning.  There's so much more food there's no way we can show it all much less describe it.  It's incredible, overwhelming, invariably fresh and delicious and thrillingly different than what I'm used to.   RIPERT:  Yes.  It's fantastic.   BOURDAIN:  I could frankly get out of the chocolate business right now, put up a pup tent on Marisa's porch and pretty much dig in for the duration.  This is living.   Yes.   RIPERT:  Those fish are amazing.  It's so fresh.   BOURDAIN:  I want to be her next-door neighbor.   RIPERT:  It's so good.   BOURDAIN:  So has Peruvian cuisine always been this diverse and this delicious and we're just discovering it or has it changed over the last 15 years?   OSSIO:  It's changing any way.  You know, what you're eating now is the traditional food.   BOURDAIN:  There's so many products in Peru that are unfamiliar to people in the states.  When you eat this food it's not like well, this is something like -- no, it's not really -- it's not kind of like anything.  It's really awesome.   GUIULFO:  All year-round.   RIPERT:  The Ricotti is very good.   BOURDAIN:  What do you do when you're homesick for Peruvian food and you're traveling?  There's really --   OSSIO:  We take some chilies with us in the luggage.   (LAUGHTER) We're the perfect smugglers.   RIPERT:  I believe you do it.   BOURDAIN:  I hate to say good-bye to this but it is what it is. Things to do and places to go.  Wild and apparently extremely rare cacao trees to visit.   Incredible meal.  So happy.   All I can say if that people are anywhere near this nice on the rest of this trip, it's going to be OK.   Lima, city of kings, home to a third of Peru's people.  Locals escape by hanging out at the beach.  Why not?  When you can maybe get a tattoo while you're at it.  Is that sanitary?   You've been here before.   RIPERT:  Oh, yes, man.   BOURDAIN:  I take Eric's suggestion and we head over to see Chef Javier Wong, the uniquely nonconformist seafood specialist, famous for his incredible and uncompromising food and his flaming wok.  If Peru has a national dish, it's probably ceviche.  The freshest fish only needs the right cut, a little citrus and no heat.   What's the most common thing that people do wrong?   RIPERT:  The quality of the ingredients.  You don't do ceviche with something that is -- that is not fresh.   BOURDAIN:  Right.   RIPERT:  The cut is very important.  The thickness.   BOURDAIN:  Right.   RIPERT:  And when you do the ceviche, you don't do it ahead of time.   BOURDAIN:  The whole place is served whatever menu he's doing that day, same for everybody.  And today, the flounder he got from the market is particularly nice, so that's what we're getting.  Generally thicker pieces to stand up to the spices acids.  First up an octopus and flounder ceviche.   RIPERT:  I don't know what to tell you, man.  It's damn good.   BOURDAIN:  It is good.   RIPERT:  Is this spicy or not?   BOURDAIN:  Have you ever been spanked in your life and enjoyed it? Yes, me neither.  I don't like pain.   RIPERT:  Except if it's painful as the pepper.   BOURDAIN:  Brutalized with a pepper.  I like.   RIPERT:  That's really hot for you.   BOURDAIN:  (INAUDIBLE), a flounder dressed with pecans, lime, aji limo and sesame oil, which clearly Eric likes.   RIPERT:  This is totally going to the Le Bernardin.   BOURDAIN:  Really?   RIPERT:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  So you're not like foraging in the cat skills for your inspiration?   [20:10:03]  You basically just rip your ideas off from small businessmen?   (LAUGHTER) JAVIER WONG, CHEZ WONG:  It's OK?   BOURDAIN:  Superb.   RIPERT:  You want another little thing?   WONG:  Sure.  Anthony has a good appetite.  It's incredible.   BOURDAIN:  Chinese and Japanese immigrants came to Peru in great numbers in the 19th and 20th centuries as contract laborers and farmers, and their influence is felt here, particularly in the food, to a greater degree than anywhere else on the continent.  It's that influence and the ingredients of Amazonia and Andes that really distinguishes the food here as something special.   Wow.  What is this?  Tofu?   WONG:  No.  Queso fresco, no?   BOURDAIN:  This is a very (INAUDIBLE) combination, I mean, is that pineapple?  Where did that come from?  That's not traditional.   RIPERT:  I mean, he looks Asian to me.   BOURDAIN:  Right.   RIPERT:  So I believe it's probably --   BOURDAIN:  Dude, his name is Wong.  I mean, unless he's a retired porn star -- this shouldn't be good but it is.  Working up a sweat on that one.  Might have a couple of more beers after this.  This goes sour and then have a nice nap, midday nap.  (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  One more day in Lima, the chance to delve a bit further into the cuisine before things get a little more old school.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  A special one we prefer here.  It has a kind of lime that we find in the jungle.  It has culantro.   BOURDAIN:  Culantro?   RIPERT:  Culantro is like cilantro, with its long leaves.  Much more powerful in flavor.   BOURDAIN:  It would be wrong to not point out that Peru, along with Brazil, is at the forefront of a movement celebrating the incredible and unique larder of ingredients from the Andes and the Amazon. Flavors you find no place else on earth.   [20:15:04]  There seems to be a lot of interest in the last decade into the Amazon because of its amazing spectrum of entirely new to most of us flavors of ingredients.   Pedro Schiaffino is at the cutting edge of exactly that territory. His restaurant Amaz explores the rivers, the ocean, the landscape of Peru, highlighting a range of products that are stunning in their diversity, and to us anyway, their newness.   PEDRO SCHIAFFINO, AMAZ:  You've got bread fruit tuna, and the cashew sauce, with plantain vinegar.  And so the nut is a fruit in Brazil (INAUDIBLE).  We make these scallops with wild almond.   RIPERT:  The almond is very, very soft, like the flavor of it.  It complements very well.   SCHIAFFINO:  And this one is fresh water shrimp dashi, made of maca roots and fresh water shrimps.   BOURDAIN:  Whole different flavor spectrum, right?  All new.  It's almost like you need a new section of your tongue.   RIPERT:  It must be so exciting because they are basically an amazing garden with the Amazon.   BOURDAIN:  That looks good.   SCHIAFFINO:  This is a soup made of ham with peanuts and corn.  And it's called (INAUDIBLE).   BOURDAIN:  I like the food.  I've enjoyed these cocktails, too. Cashew (INAUDIBLE).   RIPERT:  We're going to be wasted.   BOURDAIN:  We'll be fine.  Oh, whoa.   SCHIAFFINO:  So this is also tradition.  This is called Patarashca. They season the fish, they put it on a leaf and they cook it.  The fish is catfish.  In the Amazon we have like 200 types of catfish.   BOURDAIN:  And the flavor from the leaf, too.   SCHIAFFINO:  And here, we have (INAUDIBLE).  It's the second biggest fresh water fish in the world.  Underneath you have a puree called (INAUDIBLE), that is a palm fruit and a reduction of fermented wild (INAUDIBLE) called yuka.   RIPERT:  Fermented.   SCHIAFFINO:  Yes, this is -- I would say toxic or --   BOURDAIN:  Or poisonous.   SCHIAFFINO:  Poisonous.   BOURDAIN:  Yes.   SCHIAFFINO:  So they let it ferment and it becomes -- you can eat it.   BOURDAIN:  These fish are unbelievable.  They get up to like 600 pounds and they're swimming in water no deeper than a rice paddy.   RIPERT:  Really?   BOURDAIN:  Giant.  They're like dinosaur fish.  Everyone has been saying for years that Peru is going to be the next big thing as far as restaurants and --   RIPERT:  It is.  This really proves it.   SCHIAFFINO:  And we have chili pepper made with cashew nuts and these are ants.   RIPERT:  Wow.  They're huge.   SCHIAFFINO:  They're huge ants.   RIPERT:  OK.  You want to try it?   BOURDAIN:  Yes.  Totally.  You're not loving that, are you?   RIPERT:  No.   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  Imagine, you took a lot of acid and then you ate that whole bowl of ants and then you go home and you experience violent diarrhea, and like you're tripping, it's like 4:00 in the morning and you turn around and you look at the toilet and like, all these ant heads floating around in there.  It would be cool.   RIPERT:  Yes.  It would be cooler, Tony, I can't wait.   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  So now that we've confirmed what we already knew, that Peru's food is unequivocally awesome, it seems proper that we take a trip back in time to meet the forebearers of this country's rich cultural legacy.   The Larco Herrera Museum in Lima has a massive collection of pre- Colombian artifacts.  And looking at them, you get an idea of what these ancient peoples were like, how they lived.   Wow.  I mean, this is like the real stuff.   RIPERT:  I think so.  The real deal, yes.   BOURDAIN:  Gold necklaces.  You see where the Spanish just freaked out when they came here, turned into like maniacal greed heads.   But history does not have to be boring.  It can be sexy.   I don't know whether you knew this, but I have an aficionado of early erotica of pre-Colombian and post-Colombian heiress, you know, like pottery of people doing it.   RIPERT:  Yes.  I should have known that.   BOURDAIN:  Turns out things could get pretty interesting back in the day.  Oh, yes.  Those guys can get crazy, get wild and apparently very kinky.   The Erotic Gallery.  Wow.  There you go.  That's a conversation starter.   I take Eric to the pre-Colombian boning section, actually the erotic pottery section.   Slip of the tongue.   RIPERT:  Amazing.   BOURDAIN:  Which sounds about as much fun as an all nude renaissance fair, but is actually pretty cool.  Nothing new under the sun that these pre-Colombian horn dogs didn't think of first.   RIPERT:  Yes.  A chicken.  I'm not sure I understand this one, Tony.   BOURDAIN:  I think we frown on that these days.   (LAUGHTER) [20:20:10]  BOURDAIN:  Wow, they're doing it under a blanket.  This must be after the Spanish arrived to teach them shame.  Skeletons with boners.   RIPERT:  They are zombies.   BOURDAIN:  Getting zombie old-fashioned.   RIPERT:  Yes, Tony.  I really appreciate your knowledge.   BOURDAIN:  I wonder whether this was decorative or whether this was really porn.   RIPERT:  I think they put ain't closet somewhere or something.   BOURDAIN:  I bet this was right on the table.  Come on in, have a cup of tea.  Sit down.   (LAUGHTER) Here's some animal and animal action.  It's pretty awesome.   RIPERT:  Yes.  I thought this is interesting.  Yes.  I'm happy we made it here, Tony.  That was an enlightened moment.   BOURDAIN:  Something about steamy, XXX, pre-Colombian erotica always makes me hungry.  Luckily at night, Lima comes alive with the smell and the familiar enticing sound of sizzling meat.  It's time for delicious, screamingly hot, garlicky spicy flavor jack street meats. And as anybody who knows me is well aware I love me some street meats.  OSSIO:  The street food in Peru is starting to disappear.   BOURDAIN:  Really?  Why?   OSSIO:  Because, you know, the neighbors --   BOURDAIN:  Well, the neighbors complain?   OSSIO:  Complain.   BOURDAIN:  Our friend Coque brought us to this place.  To Dona Pochita, a street stall named for the lady who runs the joint.  They specialize in one thing.   Anticuchos is (INAUDIBLE) you want for skewered meat.  This stuff, they say, goes back all the way to the Incas and was as immediately popular with the Spanish conquistadors as it is today.   That looks good.   Which is to say, I must have some.  Traditionally a mix of beef hearts and other animal hearts.   OSSIO:  Chicken hearts and gizzards.  And there's tripe.   BOURDAIN:  Right.   Marinated in garlic, cumin, and onion, maybe a little vinegar.   Oh, yes.   Grill that up and pile it high.   These are not small portions.  These people are giving me mountains of food.   OK.  Rolling up.   It does not get any better.   Voila.  Let's do it.   Man, that's awesome.   OSSIO:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  Beef heart.  Yes.  That is some magic right there.   RIPERT:  It's very garlicky.  The marinade.  It's nice.   (CROSSTALK) OSSIO:  Chicken heart.   BOURDAIN:  That is seriously tasty.  The beef heart or the chicken heart, the texture is so nice.  All right.  I'm maxed out.  Really delicious.  Excellent.   [20:23:35] (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [20:27:06]  BOURDAIN:  The city of Chiclayo lies about 400 miles northwest of Lima.  It's Peru's fourth largest city with over half a million people living there.  It's our next stop, the staging area for our trip to the mountains to find our cacao.   Chocolate.  I mean, we know we like the stuff.  But how is it made? Where does it come from?   Columbus was the first European to encounter cacao beans on a Mayan trading canoe off the coast of Honduras.  He's said to have grabbed both crew and cargo and brought them back to Spain.  A few decades later a Spanish conquistador Hernando Cortez came across Aztecs using the sacred beans of a drink.  It was considered the drink of the gods.  Like most expensive delicious things from abroad, the largely inbred and frequently syphilitic European royalty did their best to keep up what's was fast becoming a craze for hot chocolate to themselves.  But it soon found its way to America.  And in 1765, the first chocolate factory opened in New England.   Chiclayo's main market is a massive one-stop shop for all things chocolate as well as just about everything else under the sun.   Oh, you have your animal skulls.  That's tempting.  Haircut?   RIPERT:  I'm good.   BOURDAIN:  Wow.   RIPERT:  Cacao.   BOURDAIN:  Those are the raw beans?   RIPERT:  That one is toasted.   BOURDAIN:  Toasted?   RIPERT:  And then she --   BOURDAIN:  Grinds it?   RIPERT:  And then she puts it in a mold.  Gracias.   BOURDAIN:  Bitter.   RIPERT:  Not sweet at all.   BOURDAIN:  No.   RIPERT:  Actually, here we are in the area of the market, and I believe, where they are, what they call santarias.   BOURDAIN:  Ripert is -- how shall I put it?  Well, let's just say he's got more of a spiritual side than me.   RIPERT:  This is all the ingredients that you need for the shaman (ph) to bless the rest of the cacao.   BOURDAIN:  OK.   So he's got us shopping for what I guess you'd call shamanic supplies.  Which place do we go into?  I like the lady with the sunglasses.   RIPERT:  Yes, I like it, too.  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  Yes.   Medical medicinal herbs with supposed magical properties.  And stuff for this shaman dude to bless us and our cacao crop.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  And red and white carnations.   RIPERT:  This one is amazing.  Smells really good and supposedly purified the house.   BOURDAIN:  Smells like hippie.   RIPERT:  But it's interesting, the shamans are very, very well respected in the Inca and the region.  They cure everything, they do ceremonies.   [20:30:02]  BOURDAIN:  Good?   RIPERT:  Yes.  I say we're good.   BOURDAIN:  Our journey continues by road as we leave Chiclayo and head east towards the Andes.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Originally two hours north from here.  You have the Indians welcome you with a little --   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  With blow darts.   BOURDAIN:  Yes.   But before we get too deep into the mountains, we're stopping off to meet our shaman.   RIPERT:  Anthony, he's going to teach us how to do the bath for the plants and for us.   BOURDAIN:  OK.   RIPERT:  He's cleaning.  All the negative vibrations.  Close your eyes.  He cleaned you and he wished you a lot of success.  Especially in the back, in the neck and the back.  That's here, and the chest.   BOURDAIN:  We wanted a blessing for our cacao harvest.  We got this. My aura is now cleaner than Gwyneth Paltrow's colon after a three- month's juice cleanse.   To a successful harvest.   But we're not done.  We have to transport this stuff to our trees and finish the job ourselves.   RIPERT:  I know you don't believe it but the energy has changed.   BOURDAIN:  Yes.   RIPERT:  I'm serious.  I'm not -- I'm not joking.   BOURDAIN:  Listen, I'm not disbelieve you.  I have an open mind.   Eric and I are heading to the Maranon Canyon, eight hours by car from Chiclayo, well into the Andean Highlands.  On the way, we stop for lunch and meet up with this guy.   Chris Curtin, master chocolatier and our business partner in this knuckle-headed adventure.   One of life's great joys is eating in a Peruvian market.   CHRIS CURTIN, CHOCOLATIER:  I love markets.  It's nice.   BOURDAIN:  Basically a hen soup.   That's good.  Where in the world does chocolate come from?   CURTIN:  Well, 45 percent of course come from Ivory Coast in Africa. But we don't deal in those beans just because of political situations. BOURDAIN:  There was this stuff, the special chocolate.   CURTIN:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  Which pretty much what we're here to look at.   RIPERT:  Yes.  Absolutely.   BOURDAIN:  Where it comes from, what's involved.   Eric ate some of Chris's chocolate, heard about these wild cacao trees he was sourcing from and in Peru and promptly got me involved in this designer chocolate bar business.   I'm a rather famous guy that really -- I never really cared about desserts.  You on the other hand, you are -- you eat chocolate every day?   RIPERT:  Yes.  Every day.   BOURDAIN:  And so here we are, three men and a chocolate bar.  Good thing for the world or exploitive opportunism, yet to be determined. What do I, after all, know about chocolate?   Next, the freaking nut.   RIPERT:  It's good like that, right?   BOURDAIN:  Like Oliver Twist.  Yes.  We used to eat like in the orphanage.   [20:34:20] (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [20:37:56] BOURDAIN:  The Maranon Canyon.  We're headed to meet some of the farmers that supply the beans that make our chocolate and get me an education in all things cacao.  The roads up into these mountains can be tricky, so we've got to take care of the local vigilante dudes who run a roadblock here outside of town.   It looks like a shakedown but they're a welcome sight.  This hill, where cars have to slow down, was where all sorts of highway men and miscreants used to waylay travelers like us.  So these guys stepped in to take care of business.   Wow, that was a big shotgun.  That will -- that will shoot through an engine block.  Actually, I don't really know but I'm assuming.   At this time of year, there's also the rain and mud, which can mean flooded streets and streams that cut right across the roads.  And there's this, the river.  In the best of circumstances, a fairly adventurous way to get your vehicles across, a long line across a fast moving current, ferry propelled only by the flow of water.  But today, the river is too high and the current too fast.   River running a little high.   It's these smaller boats or nothing.   When dealing with complex transportation issues, the best thing to do is pull up with a cold beer and let somebody else figure it out.   RIPERT:  Yes.  Let's go in the boat.   BOURDAIN:  To my crew, I say good luck.  We're headed for what looks like a bar on the other side.   Punta Cervesa, por favor.   And let me tell you, it's quite a ride.   RIPERT:  I'll go the last.  Hey, water inside the boat.   [20:40:08]  The boat is sinking.   BOURDAIN:  You got to go down and then up, just right.  We make it to the other side reasonably dry.   Beer?   The Maranon Canyon is home to a wide range of species including and most interesting to us a strain of cacao previously thought to be almost extinct.  A few years ago the valley's cacao trees were genetically tested at a USDA lab and proven to have identical DNA to one of the rarest forms of cacao in the world, this stuff.  The real deal.  Pure national.   Don Fortunato is our cacao connection, a farmer whose family has been working these mountains for over 40 years.   CURTIN:  They're absolutely beautiful when they start out.   BOURDAIN:  Really cookie looking pods come right off the trunk of the tree.  This sort of look like somebody, you know, glued them to the side of a tree.  This is a once a year crop?   CURTIN:  It grows continuously but this is a peak seasons.   RIPERT:  Try that.  Then put one in your mouth.  Bite it and you see those -- the nibs inside?  Those are the cocoa leaves.   BOURDAIN:  So where does chocolate come from?   (LAUGHTER) The bean.  OK.  Here's where chocolate comes from.  The trees produce pods.  You split open the pods and take out the beans.  The buyer sundries the beans, then roasts them.  After roasting, the beans are extracted from their shells and ground up, producing chocolate liqueur.  Mix this concentrate with milk, sugar, cocoa butter and you get what we call commercial chocolate.   Now our chocolate bar sells for a nosebleed price that's high by even premium chocolate standards.  So where does the money go?  And most importantly to me and Eric, are we doing a good thing?   Here's how it breaks down.  The raw cacao costs one chunk.  Labor, the inner sleeve, this much.  Design, box, packaging, this much.  Various sundry equipment and miscellaneous, another small chunk.  Chris, me and Eric each get a slice out of every bar.  That leaves this much, which the retailer takes.  Chef bleeding heart hippie here has already convinced me to give whatever meager profits we make off our first bar to a local charity.   So what's unusual about these pods?  These beans?   CURTIN:  Extremely high quality flavor.   BOURDAIN:  Thought not around for a while?   CURTIN:  This was, what, almost all chocolate made over 120 years ago and now making a giant comeback.  I mean, the chocolate here, this is a once-in-a-life find.   BOURDAIN:  Now about 40 percent of the beans from these trees have got white cacao beans mixed in.  The rest are purplish in color.  But we've heard of an ultra rare group of trees elsewhere further up the mountains that produce pods with 100 percent all white pure beans and that's something me and Eric are very interested in down the road. But for now, Don Fortunato's daughter has prepared us a traditional Peruvian mountain meal.   RIPERT:  Wow.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Kuinas.   RIPERT:  Kuinas.   BOURDAIN:  Kuinas are rice dumplings with boiled egg, chicken and achuete inside.   RIPERT:  This is amazing.   BOURDAIN:  And not surprisingly some cuy or guinea pig of which there seems to be many around for the taking.  This preparation served with a cacao sauce.   That's good.   All of this food is delicious.   So chocolate, (INAUDIBLE) chunk and you say a luxury food item.   RIPERT:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  Right?  This is an area that's abundant with coffee, chocolate, fruit.  How's life for the locals?  RIPERT:  He says about 20 years ago, 25 years ago, it was easier for  him.  He was planting soybeans.   BOURDAIN:  Right.   RIPERT:  And coffee.  And he was making much more money.  And then he didn't plant soybeans any longer and then the coffee production went down so therefore he had a financial struggle for a while and now with the cacao trees that they are planting, he has no more stress and is fairly upbeat himself.   [20:45:00] (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [20:48:46] BOURDAIN:  I'm in the Maranon Canyon in Peru with my partner in chocolate bars, Chef Eric Ripert.  Eric and I are intrigued by these ultra rare, all white beans we heard from Don Fortunato.  So we set up a meeting with another farmer, Don Edilberto elsewhere in the valley.   Now we thought it would be a nice gesture given all high test culinary talent between us to make him and his family dinner in return for his hospitality.   What are you thinking?   RIPERT:  Look there.  Squabs.   BOURDAIN:  Squabs.  Butterfly marinade, grill?   RIPERT:  We could do that.   BOURDAIN:  With a nice sausages.   RIPERT:  Nice sausage.   BOURDAIN:  Which would be nice to throw in with stew.  Chicken, onion, maybe some peppers, a little bit of spice.   RIPERT:  Chicken chorizo and potatoes.   BOURDAIN:  So we're kind of moving into these Spanish or what's it called?  Sarsuela.  But --   (CROSSTALK) RIPERT:  Sarsuela.  And we can even use shrimp from the guy.  Shrimp and chicken works.   BOURDAIN:  That sounds like a plan.   RIPERT:  You have 24?   BOURDAIN:  Yes.  Successful.  RIPERT:  Yes.  So far.  But wait until we arrive there.  It's going to  be interesting.   BOURDAIN:  Don't be a downer, man.  I'm optimistic.   [20:50:06]  We arrive at the village with the fabled white cacao beans who said to be growing and meet with the village's unofficial mayor and our cacao farmer, Don Edilberto, who will lead us to the trees.   RIPERT:  OK.  We're going to follow him.   BOURDAIN:  What was depicted as a short walk up a slight incline turns out to be an epic hump up one hill after another.   RIPERT:  When you tire up, you tell us.  We stop, OK?   BOURDAIN:  When you slump to the ground and urinate all over myself, that will probably be a tip that I probably want to stop.  Another reason I hate the Swiss mountains.   RIPERT:  I love mountains.   BOURDAIN:  Eric, who grew up in the Pyrenees, is up the slopes like a gazelle.  Me, I feel every year of my misspent life with every step.   Oh, geez.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  This is cacao.   BOURDAIN:  Are we there?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.   RIPERT:  No, no, no, we're not there.  He's a baby.  He's rafting because he has only 22 trees.   BOURDAIN:  I wish I could hear you over the sound of my exploding capillaries.   RIPERT:  OK.   BOURDAIN:  By the time we get near the fabled trees, I'm toast. Gasping for air, waiting to puke from the altitude and the exertion.   So, tell us again, what's unique about these trees?   CURTIN:  Just because they are all white beans, all white.  Which is a rarity.   BOURDAIN:  So these are the only known all-white 100 pure.   CURTIN:  That's right.   BOURDAIN:  OK.  And why is that good?   CURTIN:  It's a new variety and gives new flavor profiles to it.  BOURDAIN:  A good flavor profile?   CURTIN:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  I assume because I've humped up a here -- excuse me.  Oh, nice catch.   RIPERT:  Watch your fingers, man.  Yes.  That's it.   CURTIN:  There we go.  And I'm going to repeat myself.   RIPERT:  All white.   BOURDAIN:  Remember the shaman?  Well, we still have stuff to do with that package you gave us.  We do, presumably, want a good cop.  Better get right with the spirit world.   Oh, geez.   Shaman juice thrown around, the purified soil and there you go, chocolate magnates.   Well, good luck, dude, to a good harvest.   RIPERT:  Done deal.   [20:52:50] (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [20:56:40] BOURDAIN:  The trip downhill unsurprisingly is a lot easier on me. Time for me and Chef Ripert to get cooking.  Back to basics, wood fire, ingredients from the morning market.  In this old school recycling system.  Here, little fella.   RIPERT:  I'm ready for the chicken.   RIPERT:  And red wine.   BOURDAIN:  Notice how I neatly maneuvered you into the chef job?   RIPERT:  So now we have to make the mashed potato and we're good.   BOURDAIN:  Eric's mashed potato secret, around 50 percent butter.  The glory that is France.  I think they call it gout.   OK.  Let's do it.   RIPERT:  Gracias.   CURTIN:  You guys can cook.   BOURDAIN:  Some say.   RIPERT:  He's the only guy who has the white cacao.  He asked all the farmers of the village.   BOURDAIN:  Yes.   RIPERT:  To do exactly what he has done, so the farmers are starting to copy him.   BOURDAIN:  Right.   RIPERT:  And he's happy because it's going to bring wealth, in the village, in the valley and the community.   BOURDAIN:  Afterwards Don Edilberto makes a traditional unsweetened hot chocolate preparation, ground cacao anybodies, no sweetener, no milk, no sweeteners, no nothing, just like the ancient kings liked it.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  There we go.   BOURDAIN:  Gracias.  The real deal.   RIPERT:  It's only water, and this is what they -- they will use it.   BOURDAIN:  Before chocolate hit Europe.  This is what the Aztec kings would drink.   RIPERT:  They would be jealous right now.   BOURDAIN:  You'll get yours eventually.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Gracias.  Mucho gracias.  Salud.   BOURDAIN:  That's good salud.   RIPERT:  Salud.   BOURDAIN:  Gentlemen, to education.   RIPERT:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  So did we do the right thing?  Is it all right for two New Yorkers to make money, however much, or however little, off the work of struggling farmers in a faraway lane?  Fortunato, Edilberto, Chris, everybody down the line, all the way to the families who pick the pods off the trees, seem pretty happy to be doing what they are doing, but do I want to be in the chocolate business?   That's something I'm going to have to figure out.  But for now one last thing needs to be done to fulfill our shamanic obligations.   RIPERT:  Guys, you have to get out.  The guy is coming with his bike, and he doesn't care.   BOURDAIN:  A bridge, a bundle of eucalyptus leaves.  A badly working lighter got to get right.   RIPERT:  Smells like (INAUDIBLE).  Got a lighter?   BOURDAIN:  We need to burn this stuff and pass it around our bodies three time.   RIPERT:  Got something or ont?   BOURDAIN:  Oh, too moist.  Oh, you got it, man.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  OK.  Smoking.   BOURDAIN:  That's smoking.  I'm going to get it.  Hold on.  Now I've got it.   Let's do it.   RIPERT:  OK.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  That's coming.  I got it.  We did it.   BOURDAIN:  Over.   RIPERT:  OK.  Done.  Hey.  We have a problem with chocolate, I tell you that.   BOURDAIN:  Get him in the coffee business.   [21:00:38] [23:00:19]  ANTHONY BOURDAIN, CNN HOST:  Miami sneaks up on you.  Or do we change and find ourselves sneaking up, washing up, ending up in Miami?   (SINGING) BOURDAIN:  Miami, it's a big place.  Bigger and more multifaceted than it's given credit for.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Miami, where you at?   BOURDAIN:  We tend over the years to focus on Miami's -- how shall I put this -- party zone.   (MUSIC) BOURDAIN:  It's the kind of place we say, "That could never be me," and then it is.   (MUSIC) BOURDAIN:  It's a temptation that's almost irresistible, the seductions of flash, of palm trees, balmy nights, deco architecture, the manufactured dreams of many television shows made real.   But across the causeway a few miles down the way there are other worlds, older ones.  I think it's safe to say better ones.   (MUSIC) BOURDAIN:  Way out west, 20 miles from the airport, tucked in yet another strip mall, is Islas Canarias.  And you go there because, well, you need coffee, and because Cuba, respect, and because Michelle Bernstein is there.   (on camera):  It was a long time getting here.   MICHELLE BERNSTEIN, CHEF:  You need a car in Miami.  And yes, this is like the heart of Miami.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Michelle is one of my Miami's most iconic influential chefs, born and bred her.   (on camera):  When people say where did you grow up, you say --  BERNSTEIN:  Miami.  This is out west.  You can't get much further west than this.   BOURDAIN:  What's beyond here?   BERNSTEIN:  Swampland.   BOURDAIN:  Ah, body disposal? BERNSTEIN:  Well, you can say that.  I can.  This restaurant, we would actually come here for the seafood and it would be elegant.   BOURDAIN:  Well, you have the waiters in the little bolero jacket-type things or a bow tie.   BERNSTEIN:  You should get a bow tie.  Yeah, and there's still some Cuban places in Miami that still have that.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  This is how you drink coffee in Miami.   BERNSTEIN:  In the real places give you the milk first and then the coffee. BOURDAIN (on camera):  What do they call this again, those tiny little -- (CROSSTALK)   BERNSTEIN:  Colada.  It's a big cup with little cups.   BOURDAIN:  It is basically like the coffee version, the caffeine version of a one-hitter.  You're basically, so I'd have one of those. At the next place, I'd have another.  And I increasingly get jangling as I head towards work or whatever my final destination. [23:05:11]  BERNSTEIN:  I grew up on the colada.  At 4, I had my first, I think, colada.  We all give our babies coffee.  They put their finger in it to taste it and they all grow up loving coffee.   BOURDAIN:  That's good. So this is a nonjudgmental land, Miami?   BERNSTEIN:  It is.  You can pretty much get away with almost anything.  BOURDAIN:  It's good coffee.   BERNSTEIN:  I'm so glad you like it because a lot of people don't like it.   BOURDAIN:  Really?   BERNSTEIN:  Well, because they think it is too sweet.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  And many of you watching who are generally aware of Miami and this sandwich thing they call a Cubano, that you may or may not have had before, you're thinking, yes, a Cubano sandwich, but you'd be wrong.  This is not a Cubano sandwich, strictly speaking.  This, my friends, is a megalochick (ph).  Close, a cousin. Like a Cubano, it has roast port, ham, Swiss cheese, pickles, a little mustard, and like a Cubano it is pressed until hot and runny inside.   BERNSTEIN:  You see the bread.  It's sweeter. BOURDAIN (on camera):  Right. BERNSTEIN:  So you have a real contrast with the salty pickle and the port and the bread.  See how juicy that is?  That's the telling of a sandwich. BOURDAIN:  It pisses me off.  You know people try to improve on this. BERNSTEIN:  A lot of people try to improve on it.   (CROSSTALK) BERNSTEIN:  How is it?  Is it yummy? BOURDAIN:  Good. A lot of thought is given to the structure of the sandwich.   BERNSTEIN:  It is all about the layers.   (CROSSTALK) BOURDAIN:  Yeah.   This is the perfect breakfast, right?   BERNSTEIN:  It's good, yeah.  I always go for the salty, never the sweet.   BOURDAIN:  I don't care about sweet things.  If I have to give up one course of the meal, it's the dessert.  You know how it's -- (CROSSTALK) BERNSTEIN:  Of course. BOURDAIN:  Cheese over dessert any day.   BERNSTEIN:  Yes.  I'd rather have steak over dessert, but maybe that's because my mother is from Argentina.   (LAUGHTER) (MUSIC) MATT KLEIN, OWNER CLUB DEUCE:  This is my world away from the world. To me, it's my little king's domain.   (MUSIC) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  There's one place I keep coming back to.  It's a place where, if you look deep enough, ask the right Questions, you can get a whole history of Miami from one man, this man, Matt Klein.   KLEIN:  You're going to have to remember you're speaking to 100-year- old man.   BOURDAIN:  I know.  You look good.   KLEIN:  Raise your voice a little bit.   BOURDAIN:  You look good.  If I look that good when I'm 60, I'll be happy.   KLEIN:  You know what the amazing thing about being 100 is?  Last year, I was 99.  Nobody paid attention to me.  Didn't care.  I became 100, my God.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Matt Klein, the owner, proprietor and regular bartender at Matt's Club Deuce, turned 100 years old this year.  Yes, 100.  He's still here.  The cigarette smoke and dark, dank atmosphere, pretty good for a guy that's seen it all.   KLEIN:  That's 73 years ago, Fort Benning, Georgia.  I was the 2nd Armored Division. BOURDAIN:  Matt Klein came to Miami in 1945 from New York's lower east side by way of the battle of Normandy.   KLEIN:  I came here because I was wounded and the warm weather was much better for me.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  But there was a lot of G.I.s during the war here, right?   KLEIN:  The Lord made Miami Beach for the simple reason that people were station here and, all of a sudden, they saw a world that they didn't believe.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  During World War II, Miami saw a massive influx of military personnel.  Hotels, which had seen a sharp drop in business, made a deal with the government to house troops at the empty resorts.   KLEIN:  They told their parents about it, the parents came down, sons came down.  They opened businesses here, and they were basically Jewish at the time and that's how it started.   BOURDAIN:  By the fall of 1942, more than 78,000 troops were living in more than 300 hotels in Miami and Miami Beach.   (on camera):  How long have you been running the Deuce?   KLEIN:  I took over in 1964.  Half of my life I've spent here.  Miami Beach has turned over at least six times since I've been here.  All that neon is "Miami Vice."  They put it in here. BOURDAIN:  Yeah. KLEIN:  This was their favorite bar.   BOURDAIN:  It makes sense, too.   [23:10:13]  KLEIN:  Still, it was very flattering.  The same as how flattering it is to have you here.   BOURDAIN:  I love this place.  I mean I love it.  It's my favorite bar in Miami.   To many more.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) (MUSIC) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  The dreamers, the visionaries, crooks and con men who built Miami envisioned many different kinds of paradise, a New Jerusalem in the seemingly infinitely expanding real estate.  Just fill in where there's water and you've got property, or as in Coral Gables, build a new Venice, complete with a tabloidish (ph) fantasy architecture and grand canals.  Gondolas to ferry the new seekers to their palazzos in the sun.  The dream was as expandable as the space. Where there was water, there was now magically terra-sort-of-firma.   And in the '80s, where there was decline, a vacuum, suddenly, there was a new and vibrant economy, one that raised all boats, filled Miami with new buildings shiny cars, swanky nightclubs, floods of cash, and a new reputation for murder and criminality to go with it.  Cocaine. Say what you will, cocaine altered the skyline of Miami forever.  It made, for better or worse, Miami sexy again.   [23:15:11]  (on camera):  Going back to the very beginning, was Miami always a criminal enterprise?   (LAUGHTER) But I mean that in a good way.  Outlaw culturalism, a very deep part of American culture.   BILLY CORBEN, MOVIE PRODUCER:  Nicole Highason (ph) says, in Florida, we don't produce or manufacture anything but oranges or handguns. There is no indigenous industry.  We sell sunshine.   ALFRED SPELLMAN, MOVIE PRODUCER:  We sell you a dream CORBEN:  The only jobs we have are in hospitality or in restaurants.   SPELLMAN:  Real estate.   CORBEN:  Real estate.  It is all to sell the dream to the next people.  BOURDAIN (voice-over):  In 1981 the FBI called Miami the most violent city in America.  The drug industry brought in an estimated $7 to $12 billion a year and that was of 1981 money.  That is a lot of trickle down.  One of the most successful documentaries in the history of film is  "Cocaine Cowboys," which tells that story.  The film made by these guys, Alfred Spellman and Billy Corben. (on camera):  So things were in decline.  Cocaine sort of saved the city?   SPELLMAN:  Well --   CORBEN:  We'd say so. (LAUGHTER) Am I going to get in trouble?  Am I going to get in trouble for it? Yes.   SPELLMAN:  But by 1981, you had a murder rate here 365 homicides here. 25 percent of those bodies had automatic weapons bullets.   BOURDAIN:  Right. (voice-over):  We talk about the uncomfortable reality of where a lot of the modern Miami came from over something you just have to hit hard when in Miami in season -- stone crabs.   CORBEN:  The Federal Reserve branch in Miami had a $5 billion cash surplus, mostly $50s and $100 dollar bills, all of which had trace elements of cocaine on them.   SPELLMAN:  And the guys in cocaine trafficking in the '70s and '80s who got busted and went to prison got out, and are now big Medicare fraudsters.   CORBEN:  We're whispering because they're probably here.   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  So where's the money now?  How's business in general in Miami and where is that business coming from?   SPELLMAN:  Remarkably the rebound from the great recession, the people thought it would take a decade for all the condo inventory to get absorbed, and it seemed to happen almost overnight.  By 2010, 2011, things were turned around here.  We're in the middle of another huge boom.  Who is buying?  It's wealthy foreigners, a lot of flight capital from overseas, from Latin, South American, Russians.   BOURDAIN:  If it is money looted from another country, do we care? Trickle down. SPELLMAN:  It has propped up Miami once again with another inflated bubble and the Question is, how long will it last?   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  There's history and there's the more immediate needs of the present.  I need food presently and perhaps some fine bourbon.  And when I need good food in a city not my own, more and more these days, I call somebody who, if they weren't good at enough things already, has become something of an expert on food around the world.   (on camera):  Every time I check Instagram, you're eating with one of my culinary heroes.  You've eaten had gyros -- (CROSSTALK) BOURDAIN:  He seems to like you much better than me. (LAUGHTER) (voice-over):  Ahmir Khalib Thompson, known to most as Questlove.   (on camera):  You've been to this place before?   AHMIR KHALIB THOMPSON, QUESTLOVE:  I live at this place.   BOURDAIN:  Really?   THOMPSON:  Yes.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Yard Bird quickly became a Miami favorite, serving over-the-top Southern classics to well-heeled bonveva (ph) like, well, us.   (on camera):  The old joke was that James Brown was the hardest working man in show business.  You make him look lazy.  Let's review, band leader, producer, a teacher --   THOMPSON:  Yep.   BOURDAIN:  -- a deejay.   THOMPSON:  Technically, I have 16 jobs right now.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Devilled eggs with fresh dill and trout roll will be so over next year, but right now, I want 10 more.  Delicious. Fried green tomatoes with pork belly, this is the perfect thing for a guy looking to squeeze into a size 28 Speedo tomorrow and hit the beach.   (on camera):  How often are you in Miami? THOMPSON:  Three to five times a year. BOURDAIN:  What makes the Miami sound different from the Detroit sound, the Philadelphia sound, the New York sound, whatever?   THOMPSON:  You can't say something specific like, well, Philadelphia has strings in their arrangement whereas Stacks Records had organ in theirs.  But I do consider the sound of Miami to be the beginning of really great dance music.   BOURDAIN:  Once called 77 Elvis pancakes?  Chocolate chip pancakes, bourbon maple syrup, banana compote and peanut butter.  Even if you're not the king, you'll want to die on the toilet like he did after this carbo load.   (on camera):  If I really want to do the Elvis experience, I should be eating a fistful of Percodan with that. (LAUGHTER) [23:20:14]  (voice-over):  Yard Bird's signature fried chicken comes with spiced watermelon and cheddar cheese waffles.  Here, they brine the chicken for a day, 27 hours to be exact, in a spicy bath that includes cayenne and black pepper, garlic and onion.  Tender inside and perfectly crispy on the outside.   (on camera):  To me, I like waffles and I like chicken, but I don't understand waffles and chicken together.   THOMPSON:  You still don't understand?   BOURDAIN:  No, look, I understand people deeply love them and I do like waffles and I do like fried chicken.  Put them on separate plates and I'm OK.   (LAUGHTER) THOMPSON:  You don't want your food integrated?   BOURDAIN:  Shrimp and grits, a southern classic made with Florida shrimp, Virginia ham, and South Carolina stone-ground grits.   (on camera):  On the other subject, I was reading your book.  Is it Curtis Mayfield you have bad associations with?   THOMPSON:  Whenever I hear Curtis Mayfield's "Freddie's Dead," just as a kid, that particular structure always frightened me.   BOURDAIN:  "Aqualung," Jethro Tull, I whipped into a murderous rage right away. THOMPSON:  Even now?   BOURDAIN:  Even now.  I'm angry that that band ever existed.  I hate that whole Englishy, old, bar minstrelly, stand-on-one-leg mother (EXPLETIVE DELETED).  I hate that (EXPLETIVE DELETED).   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  You never know when you play music, were they molested by a rodeo clown to that song. (CROSSTALK) BOURDAIN:  And Jethro Tull is my version of that.   (LAUGHTER) (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [23:25:33]  BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Who got here first?  Who, other than, say, some early Native American tribes and Spaniards?  Caribbean blacks, most of whom were Bahamian.  Bahamians figured heavily in the early development of south Florida, which began in earnest with the construction of railroads in the late 19th and early 20th centuries by this guy, Henry Morrison Flagler, the industrialist and tycoon largely credited with being the father of modern Florida.  Flagler's dream was the Florida East Coast Railway, which would run from Jacksonville to Key West, connecting the ports of Miami to the rail system of the rest of the United States, creating along its route new towns, new cities, new places where America's rising middle class could frolic and play. He also agreed to lay the foundation for a city on both sides of the Miami River. As more and more whites moved in, segregation took hold and much of the Bahamian community was forced into black neighborhoods like Overtown and Liberty City.  So if you're looking for old Miami, original Miami, you're looking, to a great extent, for black Miami.   (MUSIC) BOURDAIN:  These days, Liberty City is mostly ignored by developers, but back in the day, it was the epicenter of the black community.  A lot has happened since then.   (SINGING) UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Pancakes, smoked sausage, boiled eggs.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  What do you usually get?   LUTHER CAMPBELL, RAPPER & OWNER, MLK RESTAURANT:  Oh, man the fishy grits.  See, that's what Bahamians eat. BOURDAIN:  Your parents were Jamaican and Bahamian?   CAMPBELL:  Yes, my mother was Bahamian and my father was Jamaican.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Today, I'm having fish and grits at MLK Restaurant with this guy, Luther Campbell.   (on camera):  A lot of good cooking tradition in the family.   CAMPBELL:  Oh, yeah.  One night, we'd have rice and peas and, the other night, we'd have peas and rice.   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Otherwise known Uncle Luke or perhaps Luke Sky Walker at various times.  Luther is something of a musical, political and legal legend, credited with pioneering what would be called Miami base.  Maybe you know him from such hits as Two Live Crews' "Me So Horny" and "Do Wa Ditty" or the groundbreaking fair-use Supreme Court Case Campbell versus Acuff-Rose Music.   (CHEERING) (on camera):  How do you end up different growing up in Miami than you would have grown up in L.A. and New York?   CAMPBELL:  A lot of people would have said southern people, whatever you want to call us, in actuality, we're an island town.  I mean, Miami was made up of Bahamians who really filled the city of Miami, so now you have a different culture.   BOURDAIN:  South American and -- CAMPBELL:  Very different. BOURDAIN:  Very, very different.   CAMPBELL:  Yeah. BOURDAIN:  How has that mix, how has that impacted the music?   CAMPBELL:  When people think about me, this guy makes bootie-shaking music.  Everybody is dancing.  Everybody is dancing in a sexual way. Jamaicans, they wind.  The girls are standing up on you.  The girls stand up on you and put your butt on you and start winding. (LAUGHTER)   BOURDAIN:  I've seen this on television.   (LAUGHTER) CAMPBELL:  It's no different than a lap dance.   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  Among your other accomplishments, you ran for office?   CAMPBELL:  Yeah.   BOURDAIN:  About 70 percent residents of Miami speak Spanish at home?   CAMPBELL:  Uh-huh.   [23:29:52]  BOURDAIN:  Enormous African-American and Afro-Caribbean community.  How come they keep electing conservative white guys?   CAMPBELL:  Those conservative white guys, they're (INAUDIBLE), don't' say nothing.  Don't energize your people.  So you have a whole quiet community, you didn't get them excited about voting. BOURDAIN:  It's the opposite of get-out-the-vote program, which is don't bother to vote. CAMPBELL:  Don't bother to vote.  You take the governor's election. You know African-Americans voted at 20 percent.  If we would have voted at 50 percent, Charlie Crist would have won the governor's race.  BOURDAIN:  If you were selling Miami to somebody, what's the best thing about Miami?   CAMPBELL:  Best weather.   BOURDAIN:  How do you handle the cold if you have to tour or something in Detroit or Chicago or something?   CAMPBELL:  My mind-set is I don't have to deal with this every day. I'm going back to sunshine.  I can go into a blizzard.  I know I'm going out.  You all stay.   BOURDAIN:  This is really good.   [21:00:00] ANTHONY BOURDAIN, CNN ANCHOR:  Pity the salary man.  Tokyo's willing cog in an enormous machine requiring long hours, low pay, total dedication.  And sometimes, what's called Karoshi, death by overwork. Here in a society of tight spaces and many expectations, the pressure is on to keep up appearances, to do what's expected, to not let the interior life become exterior.  But at night, things are different. What do you need to know about Tokyo?  Deep, deep waters.  The first time I came here, it was like -- it was a transformative experience. It was powerful and violent experience.  It was as if it was just like taking acid for the first time.  Meaning, what do I do now?  I see the whole world in a different way. I often compare the experience of going to Japan for the first time, going to Tokyo for the first time, to what Eric Clapton and Pete Townshend must have gone through, the reigning guitar gods of England, what they must have gone through the week that Jimi Hendrix came to town.   You hear about it, you go see it.  A whole window opens up into a whole new thing.  And you think what does this mean?  What do I have left to say?  What do I do now?  Welcome to Tokyo.  You are not invited.  This is the other Tokyo. Twelve-hour flight and I'm baked.  No sleep.  Might as well -- must go out.   The Kabukicho District near my hotel has the advantage of being where the subterranean life, the repressed kids of the Japanese male and some females, too, comes out to play.   Joining me is Japanese film producer and production manager, Maso Sokubel (ph).  Always a good sign when protective chains protect entertainers from the assumed to be entertained, right?  Prepare yourself for the greatest show in the history of entertainment. [21:05:50] I'm confused.  What does it all mean?  No.  No, it can't be over.  Not yet.  No.  But yes, yet it is.  With a series of chaste high fives with the hard-working performers.   OK, I've got to tell you.  I've seen Jimi Hendrix.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Have you?  BOURDAIN:  I've seen Janis Joplin.  I've seen David Bowie.  Diamond Dogs.  I've seen Colleen Dewhurst and Jason Robards in the "Moon for the Misbegotten," directed by Jose Quintero on Broadway.  Considered one of the greatest productions ever in -- this was the greatest show I've ever seen in my life. It had it all.  It was the greatest show in the history of entertainment.  I don't understand it.  I'm completely confused. There's like 100 people working on that show.  Millions of dollars worth of, like, robots and technology. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yeah.   BOURDAIN:  How do they make money?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Well, one thing for sure about this area is like part of our business is unspoken, but governed by the Yakuza. BOURDAIN:  The Yakuza.  The fraternal organization prominent in the entertainment and financial services sector, as they say, who is said to supervise things here in Shinjuku.  Principally, your arcades, your gambling, Pachinko, adult entertainment, your porn shops and sex clubs, along with other ancillary services.   But how much actual boning is going on in the sex district?  Generally speaking, it's more a field of dreams than the actual act of sex. Hostess Cafes, for instance, where a lonely overworked salary man can find the attention of cute seemingly adoring girls who find their every uttering fascinating.   So now hostess bar is -- I just want somebody to tell me I'm fantastic.  Oh, you're so interesting.  Your job is interesting.  You are a very sexy man.  I don't care what your wife says.  I think you're really interesting?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes, yes, yes.   BOURDAIN:  Penetration, maybe by a Q-tip in the ear, followed by a personal love spell in this case to make your tea taste better.   What is this place?  What's happening here?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  This is a... BOURDAIN:  Are these boys?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Young boyhood club.  Not for man, but for middle- aged ladies who are bored with the regular housewife's life.   BOURDAIN:  Wait a minute.  You've got, like, a million guys wandering around here, looking to get -- and they've got a whole bunch of bored middle-aged housewives coming in here since... UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Spending quite a lot of money. BOURDAIN:  Why don't they go to the same club and somebody will actually have sex?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  People don't like getting rejected, so they sort of like pay for their pleasure.  And then they make you feel welcome. Maybe you can feel like, I'm not that bad, after talking to those girls or boys. BOURDAIN:  That's the saddest thing I've ever heard.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Well... BOURDAIN:  No, that's heartbreaking, dude.   Is the business in Shinjuku dreams?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It is more for the dream of dream so, which is never going to happen. BOURDAIN:  Really? All of this.  I mean, it is a very enticing situation. [21:10:03] I mean, look at this.  Wait a minute.  She looks like she really likes me.  Look, she's got her tongue tucked up the corner of her mouth. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Who?  Which one?  BOURDAIN:  No.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  That's a boy. BOURDAIN:  God, whatever. Golden Gai, One of my favorite place to drink in Tokyo.  Hundreds of microsized bars, each different from the other with their own micro crowd.  I love it here.   I've never been here.  Maybe I have.  I don't know.   This place is one of Maso's (ph) favorites, bar Albatross.  He sips strong drinks, the definition of a hole in the wall.   Now, do people come from -- come here right from work, drink all night and then go back to work?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Salary man.   BOURDAIN:  Salary man?  Would a salary man bring his wife here? So look, in America, the bartender is like a priest. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  So you come and talk to them?  BOURDAIN:  I can tell them all of my problems.  And I could behave very badly and he will never talk, ever.  This is the contract. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  OK.   BOURDAIN:  Absolute confidentiality.  Do I have that kind of arrangement here now? So I have a supplied guarantee of total security? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yup. BOURDAIN:  So he knew with some dinosaur-riding ho in a bikini? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  What's that?  BOURDAIN:  It would be -- no, no, you don't have to ask.   Oh, man.  This is a great country.  Every chef I know wants to die here.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Is that about the food?  BOURDAIN:  Because the food is awesome.  And because we -- I think all of us understand that we don't understand anything about Japan.  And I totally don't understand the porn here.  Why is it OK -- you can't (inaudible) somebody with a penis but you (inaudible) with an octopus tentacle?  (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  In Japan, there's a very old, very deep and very rich tradition of martial arts.  Many styles, many schools.  The Yonekura Gym, Toshima ward focuses on boxing.  And this man, Kenji Yonekura, is a legend, having trained generations of fighters using a simple and effective philosophy that has some real application to our story. There it is, pasted on the wall behind the ring.  One, speed.  Two, timing.  Three, distance. The same idea applies to the convention-shunning sushi techniques of New York City legend Naomichi Yasuda.  Until recently, the chef partner of one of the very best, if not the best sushi restaurant in New York.  The eponymous Sushi Yasuda.  A short while ago, under very mysterious and completely misreported circumstances, he left the Manhattan restaurant which still bears his name.  And at age 52 moved to Tokyo to start all over again.   I was determined to track him down and see what the hell he was doing. These days, this great man is running a 14-seat sushi bar in the Minatu district of Tokyo.  His wife Naomi is his only helper.   NAOMICHI YASUDA, CHEF:  Welcome to new place.  Thank you for coming.   BOURDAIN:  Why did you do such a hard thing?  YASUDA:  This city, Tokyo, this is kind of the maker of the sushi.  So I just want to be the sushi chef in Tokyo.   BOURDAIN:  Yasuda is a friend and my master in the sense that he's taught me pretty much everything I know about sushi over the years. He's a very, very interesting and complex man who constantly surprises.   YASUDA:  Tony-san, this wasabi is probably the most expensive wasabi. So I wait, wait, wait.  Finally, then this one goes to discount box. Then I bought this.   BOURDAIN:  It's very French of you. So many things separate Yasuda-san from other Japanese sushi masters. The most noticeable is his hands.  They're huge.  Look at the knuckles.  Enormous from years of pounding cement walls during repeated daily practice in Kyokushin karate.  He first trained and competed in Tokyo.  When he came to New York, he continued to practice.  Often in underground, bare-knuckle matches, where you fight until someone gets beaten to the ground.   This style, Yasuda practiced was about beating your opponent as quickly and as aggressively as possible.  Speed.  Every second is important.  The rice is getting cold, the seaweed is getting soggy, fish, less than perfect temperature.   Look at his posture.  A fighter's stance.  Distance, knowing the perfect spot to be.  Moving in and out as needed.  Never out of position.  Timing.  Reacting to his customer's pace of eating, their ever-changing desires, always ready for the next move. Most people who don't understand sushi.  We go to a sushi bar and say, "Oh, I had the best sushi last night.  The fish was so fresh.  It was right out of the ocean." YASUDA:  The freshest fish, there is no taste.  They're just chewing, just hard.  And people think freshness should be good.  But it wasn't. [21:20:02] BOURDAIN:  Yasuda's menu changes constantly with what he finds in the market.  And like thousands of other sushi chefs, he heads every day to Tsukiji, Tokyo's central fish market, where nearly 3,000 tons of the world's best seafood arrives every day. But unlike most others at his level who arrive at 4:00 a.m. to cream off what they perceive as the best and freshest, Yasuda-san arrives later.  He does not buy the ridiculously expensive otoro, the fatty belly meat of the blue fin tuna that people have been known to pay hundreds of dollars a pound for. Instead, he buys tuna from the heads, using his knife skills to go for qualities that most others miss, removing every bit of sinew from what would otherwise be a difficult piece of meat.  Until it's well, perfect.  And he cures the results.  Actually cures it.  Breaking down its molecular structure in a desirable way by freezing it quickly in a medical grade blast freezer where it will stay for a week or longer in minus 82 degrees Celsius.   He pioneered this technique years ago in New York where if you bothered to ask, he would have proudly told you that the absolutely unbelievably sublime piece of perfect sushi you were eating was frozen. It's delicious.   YASUDA:  Thank you very much.   BOURDAIN:  Which is more important, the rice or the fish?  Or what percentage? YASUDA:  Rice. BOURDAIN:  Rice.  More important?  YASUDA:  About 90 percent.   BOURDAIN:  Wow. YASUDA:  Fish is the second ingredient.  The main ingredient is rice. So my sushi is rice. BOURDAIN:  Yasuda, he still trains, though his fighting days are over. He says he was tired of hurting people.  He brings me to Kamio dojo in Asakusa, to try and show me how his sushi technique and Kyokushin karate are one in the same. Yuki Kamio, the master. Nice. YASUDA:  Many of people ask me, what's the point between the karate and the sushi? But this moment is so much good for the -- when I make my sushi.  Because of the stance.  They had a different type of karate.  The stance is really big more upper.  So this karate stance, you go really more deep.  So stand in front of the cutting board, really little bit of a deep stance and movement. Deep stance and body, move this, and the watch, through the (inaudible) from left to the right. like (inaudible).  Move this, move this.  Watch this and watch this.  This is one of the key.  So this karate is my sushi (inaudible). BOURDAIN:  Now, in an official tournament, two-minute rounds.   YASUDA:  Two-minute round.   BOURDAIN:  And the result you are looking for is points?  YASUDA:  Points or knockdown.  But two minutes fight -- one minutes fight.  That's most hardest.   BOURDAIN:  It's underground.  You can just work on their legs for five, seven minutes to slow them down.  Then you go in. YASUDA:  Yes.  And not compromise.  Just do it.  Whatever happen, no excuse.  See the result good or not.  If it's bad, try again.  Don't give up. BOURDAIN:  Right.   YASUDA:  This is my sushi. BOURDAIN:  Perfect. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  Those who buy into the notion of Japanese women is shy, giggling, subservient victims of convention would be confused by Tomika.  People, as everywhere, if you look deeper, can surprise you. Her day job is doing this.  And I gather from what she tells me that she gets plenty of work.   The Taito ward of Tokyo, another complicated warren of businesses layer upon later where excellent Ezekias (ph) are well represented. Places where a hardworking salary man could have a beer and some sake, or many beers and many sakes. [21:30:07] And salty, savory, pick-me delicious snacks that go brilliantly with alcohol.   Please.   Tomika brings me to one of them, Daitoryo, to meet some friends. There's kusaya, grilled fermented fish,  followed by some (inaudible) of beef intestine and chicken.  This place is known for its motsunabe, intestine stew with mizo.  So we ordered some of that as well.   This is Naga, invited along to translate.  Naga runs a customs service company but he also teaches pole dancing for men.  Then there's this man, Kinoko Hajime, one of the best known and most respected practitioners, a master of Shibari, the art of ropes of beautiful knots, of what the lack of a better word, we call bondage. So how big is the sadomasochistic community?  How many people are active participants?  NAGA, TRANSLATOR:  Hundred thousand people. BOURDAIN:  A lot. NAGA:  A lot. BOURDAIN:  This is Shibari.  Translation, to bind.  It makes things more confusing for those looking for a concise takeaway of comfortable reaction to what sure as hell looks pretty disturbing.  Tomika, who spends most of her time whipping, burning, and generally abusing men, enthusiastically reverses roles in her longtime relationship with Hajime.   It looks like a very delicate procedure.  Does it hurt or does it feel good?  NAGA:  This pain change to the excesses.  She said when she was tied up, no need to think.  Just leave it.  She loved that. BOURDAIN:  Performance art, craft, fetish, or compulsion.  It's an old and shockingly omnipresent feature of Japanese popular fantasy culture.  Magazines, movies, even comic books.  The intricate restraint of a willing victim, it's well, it's there.  Not far from the surface.   What percentage of Japanese men are interested in either tying up women or subjugating?  NAGA:  All of them?  BOURDAIN:  All of them.  Well then the question is how many Japanese men like to be tied up?  NAGA:  All of them. BOURDAIN:  So in your experience, all Japanese men like to tie women up, but in your experience, all Japanese men like to be tied up. Who's more (inaudible) sexually, Americans or Japanese?  NAGA:  They're the same.  Maybe -- she ask you to be tied up. BOURDAIN:  A little late for me. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  In America, where I come from, we are told at a certain age to put aside childish things.  The action figures, dolls, features of our imaginations, to arm ourselves with the brutal realities of the real world, real combat, real sex.   In Japan, increasing numbers of people don't.  They continue to live a life inside four walls, inside their mind, the life we call the computer geek, the nerd, as avatars.   There's a name for it, a whole subculture of what's called otaku. Once a derisive term, now a proud identifier of the geek, one who has turned his back on the real world and finds satisfaction elsewhere.   Manga or comic books hold a different place in the cultural landscape here and address different needs.  There's Yaoi, for example, otherwise known as Boy's Love manga, extremely popular with teenage girls. Stories change, but the core themes are sexually ambiguous boys getting very friendly with each other.  What legions of young girls and soccer moms find compelling in the thousands of these titles, something of a mystery to outsiders looking in, but there they are. Whole sections of manga book shops dedicated to basically one direction type boy band figures having sex with each other.   Yaoi isn't generally explicit, though it can be.  Some of the most popular manga are, however, lurid, over-the-top illustrated stories of incredible violence, rape, murder, and sexual fetishes.   Toshio Maeda is a manga creator like few others, the father of what could only be described as tentacle porn.  His 1986 manga "Urotsukidoji," was about half-human, half-bestial space invaders in search of an evil supreme being.  It contained unbelievably graphic, lurid, violent, and one would argue offensive images of sex acts involving not sexual organs, but other protuberances. It became a huge hit and has been imitated wildly both in other manga and other live action films.  A whole genre of lurid, but extraordinarily well-drawn madness. [21:40:02] At Meino Uli (ph) restaurant Toshio tries to explain.   TOSHIO MAEDA, MANGA CREATOR:  This girl seems like a high school girl. So basically, it's forbidden.   BOURDAIN:  Notice, by the way, the distinguished owner and her complete lack of shock or offense at the graphic, frankly horrifying images of rape, violation and murder spread casually across the table for all to see.   Japanese manga, ones that everyone reads on the subway home even, well, they're different.   The big breakthrough was you couldn't draw penises, you couldn't draw specifically orifices.  You couldn't actually show humans penetrating each other.   MAEDA:  In Japan.   BOURDAIN:  Right.   MAEDA:  It was a big no-no at that time.  So I invented tentacles.   BOURDAIN:  Right.   MAEDA:  To be evasive about the law.   BOURDAIN:  Also demons.   MAEDA:  Demons.   BOURDAIN:  Demons.  That's fantastic.  Whether you meant to at the time, you absolutely changed the world of manga.  You created an entire spectrum of pornography that didn't exist before.  I mean, if you go to YouTube now, there is tentacle manga.  There are tentacle and demon manga.  There is tentacle and demon anime.  A lot.   That looks good. For dinner, there's katsuo no tataki, fresh bonito seared quickly over flame, arranged in bite-sized pieces, garnished with daikon, fresh greens, sprouts and ponzu.   Toshio comes here often to the Tomato Nabe, commonly a favorite of sumo wrestlers as part of a weight gain diet.  Basically it's a hot pot of meat and vegetables.  Chicken, pork, beef, fish bowls keep getting fed into the pot.  Usually alongside much beer and rice. Adding that much needed (inaudible) factor so important to sumo wrestlers and cable T.V. hosts.   So appealing to the hidden desires of a manga-buying audience, men want filthier, dirtier, more violent?  MAEDA:  In Japan, you can't be rude in public. BOURDAIN:  Right. MAEDA:  But you need to just, you know, I can say that letting off steam.  So for me, the manga is one way to do that. BOURDAIN:  What do women want?  Generally speaking, what do women want in manga? MAEDA:  Yaoi. Boy's Love.  You know.  Because they don't have enough experience to do that with real men. BOURDAIN:  But nobody's going to the fish market and asking for live octopus.  Probably not. MAEDA:  Probably not. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  The pop music scene in Tokyo is not that different than ours.  With an accent, though, on pretty boy bands, pop idols, teen stars.  Generic, industry-created crap, for the most part.  Like I said, not so different than us. Picture an army of Miley Cyrus' or would that be Miley Cyrai (ph)? Going against the grain are a few lone heroes like (inaudible).  Two self-released albums and no hint of a record deal.  Damn suits.  What do they know? Lead singer Yu.  Sweet, shy, pop friendly, (inaudible) fair? No.  So yes, so how big an audience in Japan for thrash metal, death metal, hardcore? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  We had Ozzy Osbourne contest this year. BOURDAIN:  Right. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  For the first time in Japan.  And I feel like people are seeing the heavy metal scene as a new movement.  BOURDAIN:  And the audiences, good audiences here? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  They are kind of polite.  BOURDAIN:  Polite.  Really?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.  Really quiet and just watching us.  And when we finish playing, they suddenly clap. BOURDAIN:  Really?  You know, when I look at popular music, the stuff that's selling millions of records in America, it makes me angry, actually. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  You mean, that you sometimes you're angry with (inaudible). BOURDAIN:  Yes, if I see Nickelback, I want to kill myself.  OK.  I want to kill them, and then I want to kill myself.  And then I want to kill everybody who listens to them.  OK.  What's so funny?  It's true. I mean, who do you hate?  What band do you hate?  What -- a band that I would know.  Who's the worst band in the world?  The worst popular band in the world?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  My Chemical Romance. BOURDAIN:  Who? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  My Chemical Romance. BOURDAIN:  My Chemical Romans, yes.  Hate them.  That's a good one. Can you make a living? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  No.  BOURDAIN:  No.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Not at all.  BOURDAIN:  Not at all? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  We all have part-time jobs.  BOURDAIN:  You all have jobs. [21:50:01] So what do your families think when they see that you're doing this kind of music? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  That we are at 22 to 25 years old.  It's the hunting job season in our lives.  So... BOURDAIN:  So there's pressure... UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  ... on you? UNIDENTIFIED MALEL:  Yeah.  And we all went to university and... BOURDAIN: Right.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  ... (inaudible) enough money. BOURDAIN:  The expectation, the pressure is OK, get a real job. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yeah. BOURDAIN:  Put aside this record wall shit and get a real job.  In a perfect world would you like to play rock and roll every night?  Would you like to play metal every night? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.  I can be (inaudible) if I could keep doing this. BOURDAIN:  Can you? UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  Yeah, these guys look like lifers. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  Tokyo may well be the most amazing food city in the world. With a nearly unimaginable variety of places stacked one on top of the other, tucked away on every level of densely packed city streets. [21:55:07] At Lawson's, you can dig into their unnaturally fluffy, insanely delicious, incongruously addictive egg salad sandwiches.  I love them.  Layer after layer after layer of awesome.  Proud eateries serving who knows what.  But it all smells delicious and looks enticing. In the tiny almost micro-neighborhood of Nakameguro, Tokyo all is quiet.  And amazingly from right here in the middle of this eye goggling pinball machine of a city, green.  Yasuda lives near here and he loves this place.  A low-key joint to enjoy family meals and meet friends. YASUDA:  I so much appreciate see you and all of the people from the U.S. BOURDAIN: Well, we miss you, you know. YASUDA:  I miss New York City. BOURDAIN:  I'll tell you something really terrible, every relationship I've ever had with a woman at some point very early on I bring them to Yasuda in New York.  And I would watch how they eat.  If they talk too much, if they didn't understand how to eat sushi, if they did not eat the huni, we will never have a relationship.  That's it, it's the end. They don't serve high end sushi here or elaborate (inaudible) inspired fare.  It's almost like hipster tempura.  This style of food is known as kushiage skewers of delicious things dipped in batter and fried. It's perfect. Yasuda-san orders up shrimp and basil, lotus fruit, octopus, and pickled quail eggs.  We also have to have their take on okonomiyaki, a type of egg batter pancake that can filled with many things.  For us it's squid and brushed with Worcestershire sauce. Wow, that's awesome. YASUDA:  I've been coming here for many times, but this is the first time to eat.  BOURDAIN:  Okonomiyaki.  Yes, love this dish.  You lived in New York, what, 14 years?  Eighteen years?  YASUDA:  27 years.  So since 1984 to 2011. BOURDAIN:  27 years in New York.  That changes a person. YASUDA:  Yes, very much. BOURDAIN:  You're a New Yorker now? YASUDA:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  What was the hardest thing to get used to when you first came here? YASUDA:  Culture. BOURDAIN:  The culture. YASUDA: Yes, the culture is so much different between the U.S. and here.  And Manhattan is so interesting always.  I never ever get boring in that city. BOURDAIN:  Look I never get bored and I always learn new things in Manhattan.  But there's 15, 20 different Manhattans in Tokyo to me.  I mean, if you Shinjuku, Shibuya (inaudible), from my perspective these are completely different cities.  Even building to building.  Pachinko got here, night club for men, nightclub for girls, nightclub for rock and rollers, hair salon.  All up.  15 different businesses in one building? YASUDA:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  One building.  I could spend the next five years just doing shows on this one building. What is weird?  What is strange?  What do those things even mean, anyway?  Sure a lot of what you've seen looks different from maybe the mainstream.  It's certainly different from the way we like to portray ourselves, see ourselves, at least our daytime selves.  But roughly 50 percent of all movies rented in American hotel rooms are adult films. The American porn industry catering to exactly the kind of dark urges we've been talking about but even nastier is a $12 billion a year industry that dwarves the Hollywood product.  Our own obsessions arguably are at least as crazy, violent, and lurid as Japan's.  And we tend to actually carry out our violent fantasies more frequently. Maybe with that fetishism, that attention to detail comes some kind of excellence in other fields.  Maybe there's a line from there to here. So who's crazy now? ANTHONY BOURDAIN, HOST (voice-over):Welcome to my place of dreams. My spirit house. The city of ghosts.  (MUSIC: THEME SONG) BOURDAIN (voice-over): Way in central Vietnam is someplace I've never been before. But it's still Vietnam, where all the things, the smells, the sounds, the details, I love so much. First night in country, it's like sliding into a warm, deeply comforting familiar bath.  I've been all over Vietnam, a place I feel a special connection to. My first love, a place I remain besotted with, fascinated by.  (on camera): So back in Vietnam, one of my favorite places on earth. And all of the things I need for happiness. Little plastic stool, check. Tiny little plastic table, check. Ooh. Something delicious in a bowl. Check.  (voice-over): In this case a local specialty, tom hen (ph), clam rice, sweet, meaty little local clams out of their shells, tossed with a wild swirl of mung beans, white rice, spicy green chilis, crunchy roasted peanuts, fried pork rind, and cilantro. And a similar variation with rice noodles.  (on camera): That fish sauce with chilies in it, and oh, that'll just singe your eyebrows off. Some chilies in.  (voice-over): Hit with some hot clam broth, and you're on your way. I'm back. Back in Vietnam. Shit-eating grin for the duration. A giddy, silly, foolish man beyond caring.  (on camera): And a cold local beer. My preferred brand, in every way. Ah. Clams with pork cracklings. How could that not be good?  This is the way so many of the great meals of my life have been enjoyed. Sitting in the street, eating something out of a bowl that I'm not exactly sure what it is. Scooters going by. So delicious. I feel like an animal. Where have you been all my life?  Fellow travelers, this is what you want. This is what you need. This is the path to true happiness and wisdom.  (SINGING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN (voice-over): Located on the north and south banks of the Perfume River in central Vietnam, mountains behind, sea ahead, an arrangement determined by criteria both military and spiritual. For 143 years, Hue was the seat of power for the Nguyen dynasty, which ruled the entire country until the late 1800s, when the French started taking power and land under their control.  The French allowed the imperial throne to rule nominally the center of the country, until the end of World War II in 1945. Hue has been celebrated for its dynastic architecture since the early 1800s, vast palaces, pagodas, and tombs. The center, as well, for the intellectual, artistic, culinary and religious life of the country.  (on camera): Oh yes, that's tempting. It's around here somewhere.  (voice-over): This is Dong Ba market, and deep inside, somewhere in there, is what I want.  (on camera): My way of thinking, in the hierarchy of delicious, slurpy stuff in a bowl, Bun Bo Hue is at the very top.  (voice-over): Nguyen Qui Duc is an author and journalist who spent much of his childhood in Hue.  NGUYEN QUI DUC, AUTHOR/JOURNALIST: If I'm going to die, I'm going to go to prison, they give me a last meal, this will be it.  BOURDAIN (on camera): This will be it.  NGUYEN: This will be it. BOURDAIN: Let's do it, man.  (voice-over): Here Kim Shao (ph) creates an elaborate broth of mixed bones scented with lemongrass, spice, and fermented shrimp paste. At the bottom, rice noodles garnished -- nay, heaped -- with tender slow- cooked beef shank, crab meat dumplings, pig's foot, and huyet, blood cake. Garnished with lime wedge, cilantro, green onions, chili sauce, shredded banana blossoms and mung bean sprouts, it's a wonder of flavor and texture. The greatest soup in the world.  (on camera): Look at that, man, that is just unbelievable. Blood cake.  NGUYEN: Blood cake.  BOURDAIN: The sauce. I want to see how much he put in there.  NGUYEN: You've got to make it look really red in there. It has to be blood red.  BOURDAIN: And the broth is wonderful. People are put on earth for various purposes, I was put on earth to do this. Eat noodles right here.  NGUYEN: When I was a kid, we used to tell each other, do not take a date to go out to eat this stuff, because if you start sweating, your hair will stick up.  BOURDAIN: Really? I would definitely bring a date to this, because if she doesn't like this, there's no hope of a relationship.  NGUYEN: Exactly.  BOURDAIN: If she said, "Oh, I don't know, there's, like, blood. There's icky stuff in there," that would be a relationship ender to me. I mean, I'm not kidding.  NGUYEN: I mean, here you are having it in a market like this. She makes this in a place like New York or Paris, it would be real cuisine.  BOURDAIN: It's just -- I mean, this is as sophisticated and complex a bowl of food as any French restaurant. It really is the -- just the top of the mountain.  How long has she been here?  NGUYEN: She started out when she was 12.  BOURDAIN: You live in a great country, man. Any country that could produce this is a superpower, as far I'm concerned.  I'm getting down to, like, the pepper residue at the bottom. How long does that broth have to simmer to get good?  NGUYEN: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) NGUYEN: An hour.  BOURDAIN: Wow, really? I would have guessed, like, 14 hours.  Yum. Happy. Nice burny feeling on my lips, flop sweat, check. Happy. So, we can pretty much cancel the rest of the show. I've achieved the -- my happy zone. It's really all downhill from here.  (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN (voice-over): My oldest friend in Vietnam, Lin (ph). Originally assigned to translate, to guide, to escort, and to report on me back in 2000 when I first came to this country.  (on camera): How are you, brother?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: My brother.  BOURDAIN: Good to see you.  (voice-over): His responsibilities to his employers have never been an impediment to our friendship. We meet in Zui Yan (ph), where you pick your own seafood out of the tank and you cook it yourself.  (on camera): You really do look exactly the same. You look good.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes? BOURDAIN: Oh yes.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You also look the same. No trace of time on your face.  BOURDAIN: My hair is white. I have the pictures. I looked completely different in 2000.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: People told me that all the seafood is from the lagoon over here. Tam Giang (ph). Tam Giang (ph) lagoon is one of the biggest ones in southeast Asia.  BOURDAIN (voice-over): I'm going for some eel. Season with lemon grass, green chili and pepper, drizzle with house special sauce, grill over charcoal and dig in.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I have the picture with you.  BOURDAIN (on camera): You have some old photos? Oh, look at me, come on. I look like my Aunt Sonia. Look at this. I look like I'm 30 years younger. And that's...  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: My son, Ming.  BOURDAIN: Ming?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He's now 17.  BOURDAIN: Oh my God, he's going to college soon. Wow. This is the island of Mr. Sang.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: From Cho Island. In Halong Bay.  BOURDAIN: Hanoi. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Hanoi, by the West Lake (ph). BOURDAIN: Oh my God, look at that. We look cool. We totally look cool here.  But does everybody fall in love with the country like I did? I came here, and it stole my heart. You know?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I think it's a very good meeting point between Vietnam (ph) and America. But in the past, it was over, and now is a new time.  BOURDAIN: Mm. Wow, that's great. Dude, that's pretty spicy. Perfect with beer.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We need more drinks.  BOURDAIN (voice-over): Lobster from the South China Sea. Give it a nice haircut tableside, and it's perfect.  (on camera): Mm, sweet. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Sweet?  BOURDAIN: Sweet, just like I remember.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.  BOURDAIN: Yes. A sentimental guy.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Sometimes at work I try to be serious, and I just think about work, but I don't know why. When I meet you, I just think about drinking and getting something good to eat.  One more cheer.  BOURDAIN: Good to see you again, my friend.  (voice-over) It's been a long time since my old friend and I met. A hell of a lot of road with this guy.  One of the great joys of life is riding a scooter through Vietnam.  To be part of this mysterious, thrilling, beautiful choreography. Thousands upon thousands of people -- families, friends, lovers -- each an individual story glimpsed for a second or two in passing, sliding alongside, pouring like a torrent through the city. A flowing, gorgeous thing.  As you ride, you not only see but overhear a hundred intimate moments in miniature. You smell wonderful, unnamed things cooking, issuing from store fronts and food stalls. The sounds of beeping, laughing. Announcements from speakers, the putt-putt and roar of a million tiny engines.  Hue's place in history, long regarded as the heart of the Imperial Dynasty, changed forever during the Vietnam War. In 1968, Hue became the site of some of the most bitter fighting in the war.  During the lunar new year, the Tet holidays, when usually there was a cessation of hostilities, more than 100 cities all over South Vietnam were attacked by the North Vietnamese and V.C. Hue quickly fell.  You have seen these images. It was footage like this that turned, finally, a great part of the American public against the war. The U.S. Marines fought house to house to retake the city. A vicious three-and- a-half-week-long battle. Eventually, artillery and air support were called in. The city was saved. And of course, largely destroyed in the saving.  The civilian population caught in the crossfire were equally devastated. The North Vietnamese, to their enduring shame, had while controlling the city, rounded up anyone seen as a potential enemy and either disappeared them away to unknown prisons or killed them outright. Most notoriously when they massacred almost 3,000 people, rolling them, many of them still alive into mass graves in and around Hue. Duc knows full well the horrors and heartbreak of that time. In his  memoir, "Where the Ashes Are: The Odyssey of an American Family," he captures the terror of a nine-year-old boy, the son of a high-ranking South Vietnamese civil servant, caught up in the nightmare of war.  (on camera): Where were you in 1968?  NGUYEN: I was at the place where it's now a hotel. My parents were staying there, we were staying there. We were surrounded during the night. We didn't even know. My father looked out the window and just thought it was South Vietnamese soldiers. Everybody was surprised. In those days, we thought that the war was something happening out in the battlefields and the mountains, out in the countryside, and all of a sudden, we come here, and there's the flag of the National Liberation Front, and to see that was just a complete shock.  So we stayed for a week in the basement, and the American soldiers came. By that time they had marched my father away, the North Vietnamese soldiers. We didn't know where he was taken to, and we had no idea whether he was alive or not. My mother went out to the mass graves, when they were discovered, and she saw the bodies in there. And she said, "I can't go there and look for him."  BOURDAIN: A lot of people died here.  NGUYEN: You cannot help thinking about these people who died when they're young, who died for no reason, who just got caught in the fire fights. We have the day of the dead here, the day of the wandering souls, and we honor those who are not buried within their home village, are not taken care of, their spirits are not taken care of. There are families here who don't have a death date, which is huge. A death anniversary in the Vietnamese is when you do the ceremonies, you pay attention to the dead. You can't do that if you don't know when they really died. You just assume those people are just never liberated, spiritually, that they are stuck in that space.  And it was like that for my father, because he was in prison; we had no news from him. You couldn't set up an altar. You just hoped that he was alive. Ten, 12, 15 of your friends are going out and doing things. You would just have this weight on you that your father is somewhere imprisoned or in the jungles. And that stuff stayed with me for 40 years in my mind.  I don't know how many Vietnamese have that kind of experience. At the same time, I come back to Hue, my hometown, my family's hometown. I'm glad people are alive, people are living, things are happening, things are changing. We need to let the country open up and let the people have a moment of enjoyment, have a better life.  BOURDAIN: I mean, obviously I'm an outsider, but it just seems to me as a casual observer, you can pretty much survive anything.  NGUYEN: oThat's what my brother reminds me, when I used to get all upset about things happening in Vietnam. He said, "Look, it survived 4,000 years. It will do OK." When you ask me to be hopeful, I'm hopeful, because it's a young country. It's a young population. It's energetic and that drives me, that gives me hope that makes me young, that makes me to want believe in this country. And this town. Such a wonderful place to be.  (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN (voice-over): Voy Tran (ph) is a painter, and something of a throwback, an anomaly, a creature from another, earlier time in the life of the one-time imperial city.  She lives in an area called Pienan (ph) Hill, in a magnificently restored compound. These traditional wooden houses were once part of the regal style, with sloped roofs to handle the rainy Hue weather. But most importantly, they feature a garden at the center, which follows the eastern philosophy that all things originate from a single source, and expand in all directions.  Since the loss of her beloved son, she's lived here, surrounded by her garden and her art. Occasionally, she invites guests and friends. There's Duc, writer and food blogger Lan (ph), art collector Jean- Francois Hubert (Ph), and Philippe Damat (ph).  (voice-over): So this is your home; also a gallery?  VOY TRAN (PH), PAINTER: Yes, I design and my people work.  BOURDAIN: She also cooks, magnificently from a repertoire of imperial Hue-era dishes numbering over 100. Back in dynastic times, the emperors demanded variety: in wives, of whom they would sometimes have over 100, and in food. The menus of the 19th Century imperial palaces boasted new dishes every night. Small, flavorful, and beautifully presented. And that culinary tradition, which gave Hue its reputation as a food capital, continues today.  (on camera): How much of that persists? Those imperial roots, that need for variety?  TRAN (ph): (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) NGUYEN: Yes, the tradition has stayed, and it will stay forever here, to cook all these different things all the time.  BOURDAIN (voice-over): We start with bird's nest soup, a delicacy to which I am usually immune. This one is unusually flavorful. These are swallow's nests from high up on cliffs near Nyet Trang (ph). They're soaked in water, cooked in chicken stock, and served with crab meat. Lotus seeds, a symbol of purity, nobility and patience, from a nearby lake. Steamed. Crab roe is mixed with red onion, pepper, and seasoning and added to the soup. And simmered.  TRAN (voice-over): The special thing about Hue cuisine is that we use very few spices. The ingredients are so fresh and good they require very little seasoning. BOURDAIN: The symbolic and health aspects of many of these dishes not to be overlooked. (on camera): This is fantastic. Lovely.  How does Hue differ from the rest of Vietnam?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A wonderful architecture, and very quiet people. If you stay some time in Hue, after some days you feel quiet, you take your time.  TRAN: In Hue, our rivers are in close proximity to the ocean. And the types of fish living where fresh and salty waters meet. (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN: Goi wei (ph) is a traditional dish that's seldom made these days because of the complexity and the time needed to do it right. A fish stock is made from kaban (ph), a fish from the Perfume River. Pineapples, onions, chilies, shallots, and coriander. A salad of quickly cooked prongs, rice noodles, ginger, red chili, garlic and galangao (ph). Layer of rice noodle, banana flower, then the prongs, garnishes. The strained fish stock is brought to the table with the salad in separate bowls and combined just before eating.  TRAN: Spicy for you?  BOURDAIN: No, it's good. I love it.  TRAN: It is very spicy.  BOURDAIN: Oh no, I like it.  What I found when I first came to the this part of the world, Vietnam in particular. My pallet changed. I needed an elevated level of chilies and heat.  Much of Vietnamese cooking abides by principles of yin and yang. Heat and cold. This one, a lobster dish with five spices, balances the coldness of the lobster with the heat of the spices. Red onion, ginger, lemongrass and chilies are added to the boiling water to cook the lobster. Once the lobster's cooked, it's presented in a bowl of lime leaves. And the stock is poured over it.  Whoa. That's beautiful. We're getting into this with our hands, I'm guessing. I like this. Beautiful.  TRAN: The winter here is unbelievable, it's very cold and wet. That's why we have chili to keep us warm.  BOURDAIN: Voy Tran spoils all of with us a succession of dishes. But the past, as it often does in a place like this, intrudes.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's dealt with a lot of suffering. The people here are very withdrawn in some ways. Smiling, but of course they remember everything. They have to remember the war in 1968.  I was visiting my grandfather's house, and I got goose bumps because I knew during the war in 1968 lots of people were killed. And they were buried on all the sidewalks there. And I'd walk around there and I feel it. It's dark, it's somber, and the history is there.  TRAN: They say, "every meter of Hue, there's a dead person." My mom, she never wanted me to go home after like 10:00. She'd get angry if I got home at 11:00 or something. She scared me, so when I got home at 9:00, I tried to go home very early.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Riding a boat along the river, you sort of feel there are things living in the water and in the trees and in the darkness out there.  (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN: Know your enemy, they say. Know who it is you're facing out there. Who are they? Why do they fight? What are they willing to endure in the furtherance of their cause? These, one would think, are simple questions, useful in any conflict.  Meet the enemy. Okay. He was only an infant during our nine-year long war, but Quio Tan's (ph) experience should be instructive.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE (translated on screen): That year when I was born, 1967, the fighting was very fierce.  BOURDAIN: In 1965, the United States initiated a sustained bombing campaign called Rolling Thunder, hoping to destroy an elusive enemy in villages like this one. Vinh Moc (ph), which was less than 20 miles from forward U.S. Marine fire bases just south of the DMZ.  This is where Tan was born. As the target of frequent bombings, the village of Vinh Moc moved underground. Up to 100 feet down into darkness.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE (translated on screen): My mother came down here to give birth to me. And I lived in here for six years. BOURDAIN: The villagers carved over 5,000 feet of tunnels out of the earth, creating a complex that would house all 90 families of Vinh Moc. 13 entrances and exits leading from the inland to the beach. Showing me through the labyrinth is Con Taq (ph). Born in Huawei during wartime, she has since moved to the DMZ to work as a guide.  How did they dispose of all of this earth and rock without revealing the tunnels?  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The craters, the craters were everywhere like on the landscape of the moon, and you know, the dirt of the craters are so fresh, look new, so they just left them there.  BOURDAIN: This was the maternity ward where Tan was born.  Where did people sleep?  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: They have sleeping places. Just like this, but smaller. Two square meters only, just enough to put a bed. UNIDENTIFIED MALE (translated on screen): At the time, we were a family of four people, all living in that one room.  BOURDAIN: How long did it take to build?  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: 20 months of digging.  BOURDAIN: 20 months of digging.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: By hand.  BOURDAIN: By hand. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: You know, the farmer, they dug with their tools.  BOURDAIN: Right.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Under the bombing.  BOURDAIN: While the bombing is going on, they're down here digging this out.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE (translated on screen): No need to be scared. The earth moved, but the noise was not loud. In here, it would not collapse. This side vibrated strongly. These two sides only gently. All was vibrating like that, but did not collapse. BOURDAIN: Wow. How many children here?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE (translated on screen): At that time, there were about 30 kids, because older kids had to evacuate. Those who were still too small and young stayed in here. BOURDAIN: How did they play?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE (translated on screen): Running back and forth. Lit up the lamp and chasing each other back and forth. When mom said, "come home for sleep," then we came back.  BOURDAIN: So much of the time you were in total darkness?  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes.  BOURDAIN: You don't even see -- you can't see your mother.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Some people said that even when the parents, you know, feed the children, they need to touch their face and find their mouth and feed them.  BOURDAIN: Wow.  Children played here. But people also emerged from these tunnels to kill or cripple Americans. To shoot them, to plant bobby traps, and that's what they did. Six years in darkness. And at the end of the war, the people of Vinh Moc emerged from that darkness. And what did they do? What was that like, after living in darkness for so long? What was it like to come out and be able to spend the rest of his life in the sun?  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE), (UNINTELLIGIBLE), then I started fishing, following after my father as a fisherman.  BOURDAIN: Thank you, wow, ready.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Thank you.  BOURDAIN: Looks kind of like a mackerel. Good.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Good?  BOURDAIN: Yes.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Really?  BOURDAIN: Yes.  Last question, hypothetical, if the French or the Japanese, or the Americans, suddenly decided they wanted for some reason to come back, would he fight?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE (translated on screen): If they came back to cause trouble, of course I have to, because our people (UNINTELLIGIBLE) but happy and welcome. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: That's different. They're all welcome if they're tourists.  (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN: There are particular sounds that come with waking up in rice country. At Tanzang (ph) lagoon however, early morning is the end of a workday. As fishermen who have been out on the water tie up close to shore and sell their catch in the early mist. I'm meeting up with Lac (ph) for what she promised would be a very tasty afternoon snack. Quan Banolet (ph) is set back from a quiet lane in the outskirts of town. It's a neighborhood place specializing in this. Ban bayo (ph), little pancake-like things made of rice flour, steamed in molds, and topped with crispy fried shallots and cassava paste and crumbled fried shrimp.  So show me how you eat this. What do we do? UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I had this when I was a little girl. So you try to pick it up like this.  BOURDAIN: Right. I got it. Just cut around the edge here.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I feel so clumsy. It's been a while.  BOURDAIN: Fold it over. Oh, it just -- mm. This is great. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: This is so nostalgic to me. When I was younger, at noon, my mom asked me to take a noon nap, say if you take a noon nap, then I will buy you (inaudible), and I will sit there in front of our house waiting --  BOURDAIN: Waiting.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Waiting for her, with a dish, an empty dish waiting for her. She would come, and then my mom would buy it for me. (inaudible), at the end of the day, we see who eats the most.  BOURDAIN: Oh, so you'd have a stack (inaudible). What are they eating in the banana leaf? Can we have one of those two? UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes, we can have everything.  BOURDAIN: Oh, good, I don't want to leave anything out.  Oh, yeah, there's pan potluck (ph), made of cassava or tapioca with pork and more shrimp from the lagoon, wrapped like a tamale in banana leaf, then steamed.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: So, you can open this thing. It's also (inaudible), in Vietnam, we learn how to unwrap the thing. You have to know how to unwrap the things. Unwrap these--  BOURDAIN: I'm watching you. Let's get this right.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: You are doing it right, you are perfect. I think you are an expert. Maybe in the life before, you were born here.  BOURDAIN: In a past life?  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes. BOURDAIN: So this is shrimp. Pick it up and dip. Right? Hmm. Very nice. They're pretty too. Look at that.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It's very honest. You can see to what's inside.  BOURDAIN: You call this type of eating an-choi (ph).  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: An-choi is like for fun or playing.  BOURDAIN: Recreational eating.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes.  BOURDAIN: So it's not a main meal. It's for snacking.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes. BOURDAIN: Banramit (ph) is a delicious marriage of fried and glutinous sticky rice dumplings. It starts with frying the paste in cooking oil. Then unpeeled shrimp are stuffed into dough. Place the chewy part with the crunchy part and sprinkle with chopped, fried shrimp. Oh, wow, that looks awesome. What is underneath?  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Rice base.  BOURDAIN: Oh, okay.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: But on the top is thin. At the back is fried base (ph).  BOURDAIN: Oh, that's great. Nice and crispy and greasy. I love it. Anybody would love this. It's just amazing.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It's a combination between the soft --  BOURDAIN: The soft and the crispy, crunchy. Delicious.  (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN: Last ride, a few miles out of town, whip across the rice paddies. Just getting from here to there, this part of the world, it's pure pleasure. I'm meeting my friends for a country lunch.  What's the specialty at this restaurant? Chicken baked in clay?  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes.  BOURDAIN: Another friend from the past, Ha Pham (ph), Lin (ph), of course, Lan (ph), and a new friend from Huawei, Tan (ph). A last meal, some goodbyes.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I have a question. What make you stay so long? Because normally travelers come to Huawei, they stay only one or two nights. That's it. BOURDAIN: Really?  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: What's your impressions about it?  BOURDAIN: It's very laid back. The food's great. It's pretty. There's a lot to see. It's a perfect place to go if you want to take your time. It's beautiful to me.  Food's coming.  Out here, there are a lot of dishes like this. Fill a chicken with lemongrass, wrap it in banana leaves, then cover it with muddy clay from the nearby rice paddies. Cook in the coals, or a pile of burning straw, if you like. Unwrap carefully tableside. Section with sheers.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Smells so good. Makes me hungry.  BOURDAIN: Serve with a little lime and salt, maybe some chili sauce. Squash, bitter melon and morning glory greens for veggies.  That's good.  Some unexpected last words.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: On behalf of people in Huawei, thank you for you coming.  BOURDAIN: Thank you for having me.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We wish you would have a blessed trip, safe and sound, and have success.  BOURDAIN: Thank you.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I learned many things from American. I still remember some poems. (inaudible) on a snow evening.  BOURDAIN: Please.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Sometime drink a lot of beer. I forgot.  (LAUGHTER)  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I think I know, this house is in the village, though. You will not see me stopping here to (inaudible). My little horse must (inaudible) to stop at a farmhouse near. Between the horse and frozen lake, the (inaudible). He gives (inaudible) a second to ask if there's some mistakes, the only other sound of (inaudible), and something else.  (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN: Bravo.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: So we wish you have a good trip, a good fly. Will you come back after you return to New York?  BOURDAIN: I'll come back to Vietnam, always. Cheers, everybody, and thank you, all of you, for all your help.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Cheers one more time.  BOURDAIN: This is who came out of the ground, out of the jungle, the darkness, when it was all over. And this is what they did.  (BEGIN VIDEOTAPE) ANTHONY BOURDAIN, CNN HOST (voice-over): This is the story of one man, one chef, and a city. Also it's about France and a lot of other chefs. And a culinary tradition that grew up to change the world of gastronomy. It's about a family tree, about the trunk from which many branches grew. It's about food, lots of food, great food. Some of the greatest food on earth. What is it exactly about this place? Over the past century, the system here, the tradition, whatever it is that took hold here, churned out a tremendous number of the world's most important chefs. Chappell, Bocois and most importantly, influenced nearly all the rest of them. (on camera): Why Lyon? Why is this such a gastronomic capital? Why all of these great chefs? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Because Lyon is really positioned between the north and the south. BOURDAIN: Right. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You're locked in between Burgundy and Rome. BOURDAIN (voice-over): Lyon is the second largest city in France, situated in the southeast of the country midway between the Alps in the east and the Mediterranean to the south. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This was also a bottleneck when cars began the mode of transportation. BOURDAIN (on camera): Goes right to the heart of the idea of driving the destination on the way to --  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Completely. BOURDAIN (voice-over): Out of that system came chefs like this guy, Daniel Boulud. Like Prince or Madonna, he needs really only one name. In New York or anywhere in the chef world, Daniel. The name of his three star restaurant in Manhattan, one of many in an empire that stretches from London to Singapore. He came from here, a farm outside the city of Lyon, through the city's great kitchens into New York, then his flagship. (on camera): So when did you start working with food? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'm 14 years old, 1969. I started as an apprentice in Lyon. BOURDAIN (voice-over): He started as so many French cooks of his time did, at the very bottom. As a 14-year-old apprentice in the restaurant. (on camera): What was your first job in the kitchen? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: They used to call me the beaver, because I was just washing every single day. They make you clean the vegetable, they make you carry all the boxes from the market. BOURDAIN: At 14. You can't do that anymore, can you? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I don't think you can make him work 12 hours a day and pay him maybe a buck a month. BOURDAIN: The good old days. (voice-over): Why Lyon? Why here? Look at the fundamentals, the things that Lyonais think of as birth rights. The right to eat delicious cured pork in unimaginably delicious forms. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The art of chocolatery, Lyonais can't live without it. BOURDAIN: Pate, sausages, it's an art that's revered here and widely enjoyed. Few names garner more respect from aficionados of pig. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Twenty ton just inside this room. They are going mad with the prediction. BOURDAIN: In a relentlessly cold room, pork shoulder, belly and fat back are fed in batches through a vertical chopper. The sprinkling of seasoning and spices. Removed in large balls of finely, but not too finely chopped leek. You do not want to get your hand caught in one of these things. Then mixed to smooth perfection with a dough hook. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Lot of work. BOURDAIN: Spread out and layered for consistent seasoning, formed into shapes and smacked to remove air bubbles. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Make sure the meat gets really tight. BOURDAIN: Into the sausage machine and piped into organic casings. Trust me, it isn't easy. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Very light touch. BOURDAIN (on camera): Let's see now. Come on. Let's see this. That's how you get pregnant. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's all in the meat. BOURDAIN: Yes. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Just release at the end. BOURDAIN (voice-over): It's a serious workplace but with production nearly done, this being France and all, it's time for a snack and some wine. (on camera): Doing what I'm good at. Eating. (voice-over): Another of Lyon's most famous sausages is made primarily from pig's head with pork belly, pork shoulder, brandy, nutmeg and allspice mixed in for flavor. (on camera): Man, it's good. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We're going to eat with my father. BOURDAIN: Yes? He knows he does really good work. He knows how good his stuff is. Cheers. Nice -- it's a beautiful day in Lyon. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes. BOURDAIN (voice-over): In Lyon, a city that believes absolutely in the power of food, one name is everywhere. The name that brought honor, attention and millions of visitors to the city. Though there have been many chef heroes in the annals of gastronomy, in Lyon and even cross France, one name stands above all others. Murals, bridges, markets, casual brasserie, the name of Missour Paul is everywhere. One of his most enduring institutions is this. One of the nation's great culinary schools. Now, just to give you an idea of the standards here, the kind of traditional dishes, baseline old school fundamentals you're expected to master before you move on at becoming a creative genius all your own, meet these guys. Matthew, Joseph and the institute's top dog, Alain. Chefs at MOS, all. Otherwise known as MOS. (on camera): Otherwise pay your flight home, private. (voice-over): Master chefs. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Every four years, they have this MOS competition. BOURDAIN (voice-over): The master craftsmen of France. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: There's about 30 discipline of craftsmen where you can acquire the MOF. BOURDAIN: See that red, white and blue around their necks? That means they made it through the brutally unreasonably rigorous competition that pits hundreds of top chefs against each other where only a handful survive. Certified by the highest in the land as being at the very top of the top of their professions. MOF Challenges often include ultra old school classics not unlike the one we're making today. Poulair au visse, thick slice of black truffle are slipped under the skin of a chicken from breast, the Rolls Royce of chickens. It's then tied, slipped inside a pig's bladder and steamed until tender. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The idea is to concentrate the flavor of the truffle inside the bladder. The dish they choose, it's always in reference to a chef of the past and this was a dish they were doing. BOURDAIN: At times brutal world of the kitchen looks much of the time like a boys' club but where did they come from? If we track back a bit to where it all began for Lyon and for many of the chefs whose names we now know and look up to, it all goes back to here. Lamer Brassie, the godmother, the original master. Teacher, chef, force. Two restaurants with three Michelin stars. An achievement no one, male or female, had attained and for many years, Lyon's most famous chef. Her influence runs right through every kitchen that's come since and her graduates carry on her recipes and her traditions. This was one of hers, a signature. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: For the next hour, you keep putting it like this. The most miserable thing is when the bladder explodes. BOURDAIN (on camera): That's never a good thing when a bladder explodes. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: As the chicken proves, the bladder is really tough to expand. You have to talk to your bladder. BOURDAIN: I do all the time, believe me. Please hold up, please hold up. Not here, people are looking. Wait until you get in between cars. (voice-over): A rather luxurious sauce of more, much more black truffle and generous amounts of foie gras and triple cream. Perfect. Nice milkshake. Slightly pink around the legs but cooked through, the flesh perfumed by the generous slices of truffle. (on camera): Who gets to eat like this? We do. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: How is it? BOURDAIN: Divine. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You see the perfect balance in the sauce. If I was a chicken, that's the way I would like to end up. BOURDAIN: Even if I weren't a chicken, I would like to go like this. Die surrounded by truffles and foie gras and fine wine. (END VIDEOTAPE) (COMMERCIAL BREAK) (BEGIN VIDEOTAPE) BOURDAIN (voice-over): The roaring of a powerful engine. The screech of rubber and off we go. Kings of the road in our Citroen, two horse power classic. (on camera): No power steering? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You're kidding. BOURDAIN (voice-over): It's like a toy car. We're going back in time a bit, to the area where Daniel grew up, where life was very different from New York.  (on camera): Were you the misfit of the family, rebellious or --  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I was quite rebellious. My parents were talking to me about the idea of taking over the farm. As the oldest son, that would have been the logical thing. BOURDAIN: Right. The farmer's life was not for you. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No. BOURDAIN (voice-over): He grew up in a true farm family. You milk the cows, tended the animals. Daniel claims he never even saw processed food until he was a teenager. A brief respite by the side of the road and some passersby are apparently less appreciative of fine automobiles than we are. A short consultation with an automotive professional and we are back on the road, back in this case to school. This was Daniel's old elementary school in a nearby town. I'm automatically taken back to memories of my own school days. The smell of caustic pine cleaner, chalkboards and fear. The cruel ministrations of tiny-eyed lunch ladies slopping can loads of prison chow into steam tables. Tuna noodle surprise that haunt my sense memories still. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Pumpkin soup today with onion, nutmeg and chicken stock. Basic good pumpkin soup. BOURDAIN: This is Marie, head chef, cook, host and server for 320 hungry and very discriminating French schoolchildren ages 3 to 12. On the menu, prefix today, pumpkin soup, homemade cous-cous and a sauce supreme. (on camera): This is a very sophisticated meal for children. I was a little -- in school, frankly. Like a lot of other students, I want pizza, pizza, pizza, are the children here open to variety? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We want to make sure they always get a little challenge by how the food looks and the smell and also, the taste after. I think she has a very strict budget. BOURDAIN (voice-over): In the USA, greatest country in the world, no doubt, we spend an average of $2.75 per student for public school lunch. Compare and contrast. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's $1.50.  BOURDAIN (on camera): Did you eat this well when you were here? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Absolutely. Bon jour. BOURDAIN (voice-over): The kids attack their food like hungry trenchermen, wiping out three servings in the time it takes me to eat one. I guess they like it. (on camera): It's good. This is good. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I don't think my chef in New York would do better. BOURDAIN: These kids eat fast. Look how fast this kid eats. Turn your head, he'll dish your food right out of your plate. Push up your tray just like in prison, move it along. Move it along. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: They come to you and serve you. Most important thing that we see here is the love Mary give to the food she make and to the kids she serves. I think it has a lot to do with the reaction they have to food. BOURDAIN (voice-over): Dessert is homemade fromage blanc, cheese with chocolate and orange segments. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What do you want to be when you grow up? Fireman. Generate machine gun. BOURDAIN (on camera): He wants to make --  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Generate machine gun, yes. BOURDAIN: OK. Keep an eye on that one. All right. (voice-over): For a dope fiend, feeding the monkey means finding and sticking with heroin. For one poor guy, it's this. French food, in particular, Lyonais food. The cautionary tale of Bill Beeford, literary Lyon with a perfectly good job as fiction editor at "New Yorker" magazine, at the undignified age of 53. He pretty much pulled up stakes, put his whole past life on hold and defected to France to learn how to cook. (on camera): What happened to you? You used to have a good job, you hung out a couple nights with battagli and next thing you know you're living in France and cooking. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I discovered a whole world that the rest of the world didn't seem to know about, just a very compressed and tense lifelong learned expertise and knowledge of food. It's not the food network and it's not glossy magazines and it's not something you get from reading a recipe book. It's something you get by just going deep. I was afraid of France because I didn't find when I took on the subject of French food, I would have to go really deep. I went and thought we would have to stay for six months and we stayed for five years. BOURDAIN (voice-over): We meet at a uniquely Lyonais institution, a casual laid-back kind of pub/bistro with a limited old school menu and always, always an unpretentious vibe. People come here to unwind, relax and eat with abandon. So you say outright recently in one of your published works that Lyon is better than Paris. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Lyon is beautiful, well-eating city and everybody here knows they have a really good life and they don't give a flying fig if anybody else knows about it. They don't actually want visitors. BOURDAIN: If you were to pick one iconic dish to represent, it would have to be the canel broche. Not particularly fabulous river fish, pike, folded into a light dough until fluffy and airy, but still rich, adrift in a rich creamy, almost bisque-like sauce made with crayfish, creme fresh and brandy. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's kind of a nice mix of France and Italy. What a treat to eat together in Lyon. (END VIDEOTAPE) (COMMERCIAL BREAK) (BEGIN VIDEOTAPE) BOURDAIN (voice-over): If you really want to understand a place, love it the way it deserves to be loved, maybe you have to live there. Bill Buford did just that and made Lyon his home. Today he's taking me somewhere only someone from the home team could be expected to know about. BILL BUFORD: It's a beautiful day. The sky is blue, we're feeling the seasons changing and we're about to go into a dark room, and you eat a very Lyonais menu and drink a vast quantity of wine. BOURDAIN (on camera): What sinister bodies will be in there? BUFORD: Only kind of people who would do this kind of thing on a bright pretty day, it's a very male tradition. You work hard, you drink harder. Don't be afraid. BOURDAIN: Don't be afraid. (voice-over): The mysterious, fabulous, goofy, wonderful bro-fests are basically eating and drinking societies that go back over a century, when the silk workers of Lyon would finish their night shifts early in the morning. Hungry and looking to get, shall we say, completely hammered, they would take over, stuff their faces like heroes, blow off the proverbial steam in decidedly French fashion, which is to say no freaking guytallion nachos or mozzerella sticks for these guys. BOURDAIN (on camera): All of them have special memberships? BUFORD: There must be 50 of those that I know about. You are invited to be a member and remain a member the rest of your life. BOURDAIN (voice-over): The food is invariably deliciously dinosauric and heavy always glorious classics, the slow, slowly stewed neck and shoulder pieces of veal with mushrooms served over rice, hunks of bread and wine, and lots of it. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It works, and for 50 years. BOURDAIN (on camera): Do women have their own organizations? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes. BOURDAIN: There are. So somewhere on the other side of town, there are a lot of women sitting around drinking wine, eating and complaining about the men. (voice-over): Then there will be, yes, singing. And no doubt the telling of lusty jokes followed by serious official business. Alongside and some say above the names of the other culinary giants in and around Lyon is the name Trois Gros. It sparked a dynasty of culinary excellence that continues today with Pierre's son, Michel and his son, Cesar. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: My dream always was to put it on my resume. Bon jour. BOURDAIN: Many have called Maison Trois Gros the best restaurant in the world. In the '60s, the brothers, Pierre and Jao were early, important and fundamental innovators of what came to be known as nouvelle cuisine. Behold, one of their breakout classics. One of the truly game-changing, timeless, most influential dishes in history. It seems now maybe a simple thing, but it absolutely turned the world upside down when it debuted on the menu in 1962. (on camera): When you have a dish this legendary, this iconic, there's no escaping it. The rolling stones will always have to play jumping jack flash. If you Google Foie Gras, you will see this thing. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Forget everything you have been given. BOURDAIN (voice-over): Before this, fish was generally overcooked. It was served alongside elaborate garnishes, starches, vegetables. This simple, elegant, almost Japanese ode to flavor changed the way we cook fish in restaurants today. And how we make sauces, what our plates look like. (on camera): I remember seeing a picture of this as a young man. I'm getting goose bumps seeing this. Thrilling. Perfect. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's beautiful. The moment you put the fish in the pan. It's very important. BOURDAIN: All right. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: From now, to you in the dining room in one minute. One minute is the time. Perfect. BOURDAIN: Because it's cooking all the way. Perfect. It's a perfect dish. It's really one of the great ideas of the 20th Century. Fashionable. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Sexy. (END VIDEOTAPE) (COMMERCIAL BREAK) (BEGIN VIDEOTAPE) BOURDAIN (voice-over): When in Lyon, one can't help but a see line from there, from the rustic dishes of the farm to here, the classics of the great tables of Europe. All roads lead here. A major trunk of the tree that goes back to Karem and beyond. Monseur Paul Boguza. The brigade. The way it is done and has always been done since a military style hierarchy was instituted into the kitchen. When the only acceptable response to any question or any command is Oui, Chef. This is the Special Forces, the S.A.S., of cooking. And these cooks live to avoid, under any circumstances, disappointing their comrades, the hierarchy or Monseur Paul. Daniel worked here and so have many, many who have gone on to run their own celebrated kitchens. In the '70s as a young wanna-be cook, I managed to lay hands on a French copy of the classic cookbook, La Cuisine Du Marche and I struggled to translate the descriptions of dishes so fantastic I was quite sure I never, ever in my life would cook, much less eat. (on camera): If you could please say how honored and grateful I am to be here. This is a dream come true. Over the years, how many great chefs have come through this restaurant and on to open great restaurants? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: There is a child somewhere around the world because everybody goes around the world. BOURDAIN (voice-over): But he is and was part of the system. He came up with his own cruel and terrifying masters and their faces are here. The towering and intimidating figure behind la pyramid. Owl out of his kitchens same such figures as Francois Biese, George Perrier and many more. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This was all the gang of the nouvelle cuisine. The '60s in New York. BOURDAIN (on camera): Every great chef I have ever met has nightmares of they're still a young man, they're back in a kitchen and a chef is yelling at him. Who were his masters? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A woman. BOURDAIN: Really? (voice-over): La mer brassier at the ripe old age of 20, he worked as an apprentice. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: She was such a screamer. You would fall on your butt, she was screaming so hard. She was the first up in the morning and the last one to go to bed. She would go to the market with three cook in the back of the truck and she would put the case of green beans or something and the cook will be sitting down making the beans, not to waste time. BOURDAIN (on camera): Truly a terrifying figure. (voice-over): Truffle soup Elyssee. I can't tell you how many hours I stared at photos of this dish, how pathetically I tried to replicate it. Never did I think I would get to try it, much less like this. Sea bass with a tomato bernaise sauce baked in a meticulously crafted crust. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This is a great moment. BOURDAIN: The fish is filled with a delicate lobster mousse and tarragon and wrapped carefully in pastry. Notice the careful and tableside carving and service. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He has been making the same thing for 50 years. Paul has an amazing respect for classic. BOURDAIN: The peasant classic. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Tony, get closer. BOURDAIN (on camera): You are totally sending me every one of those pictures, by the way. Wow. Look at that. This style of dish goes back long before cameras but it's perfect. Is there a more perfect assortment of colors and textures. (voice-over): This one is a somewhat more luxurious version. Beef flanks, oxtail, veal flanks, chicken, marrow bones, beef ribs, leeks, carrots, turnips, fennel and parsnips, served with its own deeply rich broth. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Think it's enough for the two of us? BOURDAIN: And then, this. As if the chef had been listening to my deepest, darkest secret yearnings, an almost completely disappeared, incredibly difficult preparation of wild hare. The animal is first slowly cooked, then coated by a sauce of its own minced heart, liver and lungs that has been thickened with its own blood. After more than six hours of preparation, the hare is served as the chef prefers, whole on the bone, the rich glorious sauce finished with truffles and chart chartreuse. Absolutely the lost ark of the covenant. (on camera): Everything great about cooking is encapsulated in this dish. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We continue all over the world to make cuisine for many generation to come. BOURDAIN: Forever. I will never eat like this again in my life. Chef, Merci. The meal of my life. (voice-over): Today, I was treated to the greatest hits of a glorious and fabled career. For the first and probably the last time, I sat next to the great man himself and Daniel and I were served a menu that chefs will look back on in a hundred years and smile at appreciably, sentimentally, respectfully. (END VIDEOTAPE) (COMMERCIAL BREAK) (BEGIN VIDEOTAPE) BOURDAIN (voice-over): So me and Daniel were going hunting and over lunch, we mentioned that fact to Paul, who immediately insisted, insisted that if we wanted to go duck hunting, we should come by his crib, and so we find ourselves in the morning mist of le dawn, a rural area about a half hour outside Lyon. Sure enough, in spite of his 88 years, and the fact that he's been less than well, 9:00 a.m. On the nose, there he is, sitting on top of his beloved John Deere with his faithful dog ready to go. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Nice fresh morning. BOURDAIN (on camera): That dog is happy. (voice-over): The great chef loves this place, and you can see why. Monsuer Paul can't safely hunt but is happy to chase around flushing birds for us. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Beautiful. BOURDAIN (on camera): Yes, it is beautiful. I could do this all day. That was about as good as we're going to get. If you look long enough, you start hallucinating. You start hallucinating ducks where there aren't any. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You see that one falling? BOURDAIN (voice-over): OK, not a moment to waste. Quickly, a second shot. OK. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You got it? BOURDAIN (on camera): Yes. Right there. Between me and Daniel and the dog, we managed to actually bag a few ducks. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Good job. Very good. BOURDAIN: Easy shot. (voice-over): Then it's back to the lodge, clearly Paul's happy place, where we meet up with some hunting buddies of the great chef. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You did a good job, no? BOURDAIN (on camera): Success. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes. It's fantastic. BOURDAIN: Is this the hunting lodge, the weekend getaway, hang out with the guys? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: That's where he comes every day, almost. Look at the picture behind. You see? BOURDAIN (voice-over): For tonight's meal, we pluck and roast some woodcocks over an open fire. Cook up some well-aged duck and pheasant. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: They make mashed potato here. BOURDAIN (on camera): There a head in there somewhere? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, of course. BOURDAIN: That's happiness right there. I am a man of simple needs and I notice --  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We can spend the whole week and we'll be hunting, we'll be cooking, eating, drinking, and talking and that's beautiful. BOURDAIN (voice-over): It is for me a dream to spend this time with a legend. But I'm thrilled that beaucoup himself seems delighted. In Lyonnes, he's the great chef, a public figure, a hero, an institution. Always treated with the greatest deference. Here it appear he's free to enjoy the simple things with friends, local farmers who talk to him like anybody else. It's a pretty damn magical thing to see. (END VIDEOTAPE) (COMMERCIAL BREAK) (BEGIN VIDEOTAPE) BOURDAIN (voice-over): Like so many of his predecessors, he's basically a farm boy. He grew up milking cows and doing farm work here on his family's spread. There is as it turns out, something of a restaurant tradition to build on. The house on his farm was once a cafe as well, operated first by his grandparents and great grandparents. The famous Cafe Boulou was not the first place to keep that name. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: That kept it for 80 years, 100 year, then they closed it. BOURDAIN: Meeting Daniel's dad, one seems to understand the roots of his perfectionism. His mom, dad, wife, Katherine and Danielle collaborate with some debate. On a super old school farmhouse classic. The sort of things good times, bad times, a family could make with stuff always readily available on the farm. Check this out. It's a hollowed out pumpkin layered with toasted chunks of stale bread, nutmeg, grated cheese, mushrooms, fresh cream from the cows and the meat of the pumpkin. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: And a layer of bacon also. Man, it's heavy. BOURDAIN (on camera): Are you concerned the pumpkin is go I think to try to get out? (voice-over): Daniel's dad can be a bit of a Golic MacGyver. You don't waste stuff and he's a bit of an inventor. An old washing machine turned still. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: To seal it so there's no air coming in. BOURDAIN: Leftover grape solids usually used to be make liquor, today a different use. If we can get it out of here. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Why did you put so much cement on it? BOURDAIN: We'll be using this delightfully funky stuff to flavor the steam that cooks the vegetables from inside the still. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Then we come back in an hour. BOURDAIN: At dusk we settle for dinner. (on camera): Look at that. Incredible. Look at that. Wow. The pumpkin is amazing. We also have that great sausage. Look at that. Cabbage and potatoes, all steamed in the still. The flavor you get from the fermented grape, awesome. Good. So good. (voice-over): If you know Daniel can't really help himself. He's popping up and down, serving everybody, making sure everything is just right. Sitting here with his family in the house he grew up in, you can see where it all comes from. Their son is now a gigantic international success. When he was a young man at 14 sneezing in the field, did they ever anticipate this? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We do. BOURDAIN: They all reflect the region hopefully. But in the best case, they're interdependent. They come from each other. In fact, who cooks in the great restaurants? Farm boys basically. That's who always cooked. My deepest thanks to your mother and your father. Thank you. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Merci. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Next time my father will make you drive the tractor. (END VIDEOTAPE) [21:00:37] UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE) (MUSIC PLAYING) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This house came to be built by Dr. Blake (ph), who was in the Eastern India Company service. My grandfather came to be nominated to the body called the council of state, which used to be part of British India. ANTHONY BOURDAIN, HOST, "PARTS UNKNOWN": It was another time, one that few still remember, the India before partition, when these rooms, this house, was part of the seat of power.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I had the privilege of being born in this house upstairs.  BOURDAIN: This was the maharajah's bed. I mean, his chambers are present.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: And it was the routine that we'd all (inaudible) into my grandfather's room to wish him good morning, and then we would all come down to breakfast.  BOURDAIN: The walls tell a story, many stories.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: There used to be a lot of animosity. There were two very divided classes in India. So there was a lot of tension between the ruled and the rulers. But that was a different time, you know. Now I think back, and it's more like a fairy tale.  (MUSIC PLAYING) BOURDAIN (voice-over): Day one in northern India near the Pakistan border. This is Amritsar, the Indian Punjab's largest city, population, about a million. This is a part of India I have never seen, a place I have always been curious about, home to some pretty legendary cuisine. They have a saying, "The best food isn't cooked in people's homes. You find it on the streets."  (MUSIC PLAYING) [21:05:08] BOURDAIN (voice-over): Punjabis are known for their adventurous spirit  as brave warriors who spread throughout the world bringing great food with them. In fact, much of the good stuff we refer to simply as Indian food comes from here. The Punjab of the early 20th century saw some of the most violent resistance to British rule. And when the British finally cashed out in 1947, they carved off a huge piece, what is now Pakistan. And it remains a potential flash point for conflict. But that's easy to forget when you first smell the food.  (on-camera): There we go.  (voice-over): Kesar da dhaba meaning side of the road food stall. And there are countless dhabas to choose from in this town, but this one is legendary.  (on-camera): See Tony eat vegetables and like it.  (voice-over): To eat around this part of the world, Punjab in particular, get used to eating a lot of vegetarian: chickpeas, dought (ph).  India is one of the few places on earth where even for me, that's not a burden.  (on-camera): What's that? Oh, I'll take that. Right here, my good man. Mm. That's good.  (voice-over): In the Punjab, meat or no meat, you are almost guaranteed a free for all of intense colors, flavors and spices.  (on-camera): Unlike some of the joyless vegetarian restaurants in my sad experience, vegetables here are actually spicy, all taste different, different textures and served with extraordinarily good bread. It's got this multi-tiered crispy on the outside, chewy in the middle. It's a whole different experience.  (voice-over): If this was what vegetarianism meant in most of the places that practice it in the West, I would be at least half as much less of a dick about the subject.  (on-camera): Look, hippie, if you made bread this good, I might eat in your restaurant. Mm.  (voice-over): Around here, one of the first things you notice that's different from the rest of India, turbans, everywhere, the symbol of self-respect, bravery and spirituality for Sikh men. Amritsar is the home, the spiritual center of the Sikh faith, the world's fifth largest and maybe most misunderstood religion.  In the heart of Amritsar stands the majestic Golden Temple, the Sikh equivalent of the Vatican. Sikhs are fundamentally against any caste system, believers in religious tolerance, but they are just as fundamentally war-like when it comes to defending their principles and what they see as their territory.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Welcome to Golden Temple. BOURDAIN (on-camera): Thank you. (voice-over): Today is a Gurpurb, one  of the most auspicious days of the Sikh calendar. Pilgrims from all over the world come to worship, walk the perimeter and bathe in the holy pool. All are welcome of any faith or caste to remove their shoes, wash their feet, cover their heads, and take part in a simple meal.  [21:00:02]  This is the longer (ph), a free vegetarian meal served to many thousands of visitors from every walk of life every day of the year.  (on-camera): They serve 16 hours a day?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Sixteen hour a day.  BOURDAIN: For how many years, continuously?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: 300 years.  BOURDAIN: 300 years.  (voice-over): Everyone doing the cooking, the serving, the washing of thousands and thousands of metal plates and utensils are volunteers. The sound is extraordinary.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We have a feeling that everyone should all three things: money, mind and body -- BOURDAIN: Right. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: -- should be served to other people free of cost. And that's what we do. BOURDAIN (voice-over): Walking me through it all today, Donwai Sing (ph). (on-camera): Now, for a religion that's so concerned with tolerance, where does the Grand Punjab military tradition come from? Because it's a very, very powerful (inaudible). UNIDENTIFIED MALE: So powerful people, so hard-working people. Every Sikh you have seen, if he is baptized, he wears a small sword. When we are baptized, he says you must protect yourself. You must protect others, and you must protect your country, so that makes us what we are.  (COMMERCIAL BREAK) (MUSIC PLAYING) [21:15:30] BOURDAIN (voice-over): The ancient art of Pehlwani evolved from Indian wrestling techniques that date back to the fifth century B.C.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Ready, start!  BOURDAIN: Training is rigid, and this is not just a sport, but a way of life. Wrestlers live and train together and have strict rules of diet and personal conduct. No smoking, no drinking, no contact with women. (on-camera): I took high school wrestling, actually, so that I could get out of gym class. I was a dirty, dirty fighter.  (voice-over): It's an all too natural segue between the aggressive posturing of opposing bodies of Pehlwani and this. The entire border between India and Pakistan has only one crossing, here. Every sunset the border is officially closed with this bit of national theater. Wearing nearly duplicate uniforms, the Indian military and Pakistani rangers partake in a game of theatrical contempt. Clearly, it's a popular show.  (on-camera): So where are we?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We are right next to Pakistan.  BOURDAIN (voice-over): India and Pakistan were once one country, ripped apart in one of the hastiest, ill-considered partitions imaginable.  (on-camera): Beyond there, no more fence?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No more fences.  BOURDAIN: So once you get past there, you can go straight into Pakistan if you want?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The problem is, the thing is, India is trying to stop people from coming in, the infiltrators, you know, drug dealers, terrorists.  BOURDAIN: Udah (ph) is working on a documentary about the India/Pakistan border.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No one wants to go to Pakistan.  BOURDAIN: No one wants to?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No one wants to, in their right mind, to go into Pakistan.  BOURDAIN: Really? That's a fairly decisive statement. So they put up the fence, but the fence is on the Indian side.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yeah, it's 115 meters from the border.  BOURDAIN: Right, so beyond that fence, still Indian farmland.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.  BOURDAIN: So people who live over here can farm over there.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Farm over there. BOURDAIN (voice-over): The Punjab is a fertile region in an otherwise  very dry country. This is India's bread basket. With over a billion people currently residing in India, every inch of fertile Punjabi soil has great value.  (on-camera): These are people who owned land over there, then they put the fence, suddenly your life became difficult.  UNIDNETIFIED MALE: Exactly. They (inaudible). They can only grow some kind of crops, and they can't farm more than eight hours in a day.  BOURDAIN: How long does it take to get back and forth?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The border security force manage these gates, so they have times when they can enter and come out.  BOURDAIN: How much farther can we go before they start to get worried?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I think we can just go to the pole.  BOURDAIN: When India and Pakistan were separated, the attempt was to try to draw a line across religious lines.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Exactly.  BOURDAIN (voice-over): Drained by the colossal task of fighting two world wars, in 1947 Great Britain decided to end their nearly 200-year rule over India. In an attempt to prevent what the colonials saw as an inevitable civil war between Hindus, Muslims and Sikhs, the British commissioner Sir. Cyril Radcliffe, a lawyer from Wales, drew up a new border.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He was given two months.  BOURDAIN (on-camera): Two months to -- UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Two months to divide the -- BOURDAIN: To create a new country, basically.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You know, people died because of the displaced men. Unofficially, they say it's two million people. You know, when (inaudible) fight, the minnows get trampled upon. BOURDAIN (voice-over): In one of the largest exchanges of populations in history, many millions of people fled their homes.  [21:20:05] Almost immediately, religious violence broke out on a mass scale. This is exactly what the partition had been intended to avoid.  (on-camera): Do people here still have families over there?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yeah, they do. When the line was drawn, there were religious split into halves. There are some houses where you enter from India and you exit from Pakistan.  BOURDAIN: Really. Wow.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This part of Punjab and that part of Punjab, they were once the same, so the cultures are very similar.  BOURDAIN: Well, it's a popular metaphor for India. Pakistan is twins separated at birth.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: They were never twins. I mean, it was one country. You could say dismembered. If you cut a body in two, they are not going to become twins.  BOURDAIN: Right.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's sad, you know? You -- you can see them. They are doing the same work as you are doing. They dress the same. They look the same. But you can't talk to them.  BOURDAIN: It is an ongoing struggle, an enduring cause of paranoia, visible all across the region. Two nations with atomic arsenals who have shown, if nothing else, a terrifying willingness to use them.  From the horrific 2006 train bombings, to the militant attacks in Mumbai, the threat of terrorism along this border is a daily concern.  (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [21:26:13] BOURDAIN (voice-over) Want something good, really, really good, something local, regional, ironically wonderful? You can't say you've had the Amritsar experience until you've had a little kulcha in your life.  (on-camera): Kulcha, this is the iconic dish of Punjab.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes, that's the specialty here. BOURDAIN: Kulcha, a perfect little flavor bomb of wheat dough pressed against the side of a very, very hot clay oven, slathered with butter and served with a spicy chickpea curry on the side. Did I mention the butter?  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: How is it?  BOURDAIN (on-camera): Delicious.  (voice-over): Everyone in Amritsar seems to be an expert on the dish, including this lady.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: This is our radish.  BOURDAIN (on-camera): Very, very, very good. Generally speaking, Punjabis are famous for being a warrior class. Taller, bigger.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes. They're big.  BOURDAIN: Still maybe not fighters so much, but still eaters.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Oh, yes. Big-time. Yes. The religion doesn't matter. Food is religion here. BOURDAIN (voice-over): Checking off my list of things to do in the Punjab, I got to score some animal protein. It's time. I've been going all morrissey (ph) for two days now and frankly, that's enough. I need chicken.  (on-camera): Like, we are in the ass-end (ph) of nowhere here. Where am I?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's (inaudible). That's very famous for chicken.  BOURDAIN (voice-over): When we are talking must-haves, tandori chicken is just that.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I have some lemon in this. You will enjoy it.  BOURDAIN (on-camera): Oh, man, it's delicious. This type of establishment, dhaba?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Dhaba, it's called abaha (ph). This is the most successful business here. Anybody -- you open a dhaba tomorrow, it will be like this.  BOURDAIN: But if you're -- you know, if you're going to have chicken it better be good.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes. (inaudible) good place for that. Would you like to have something else?  BOURDAIN: There's, like, a rotee (ph) with ground mutton or -- UNIDENTIFIED MALE: That's (inaudible). BOURDAIN (voice-over): Kinemon, mutton ball, dough. And the special ingredient, magic hands. And believe me when I tell you, this shit is good. So good that people snap it up the second it comes out of the tandora. Hey, that's mine.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Is it good?  BOURDAIN (on-camera): Sensational. Wow. People do love their food.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I love eating.  BOURDAIN: The movies and television in this country is fantastic. I don't even understand why -- what's going on. I mean, everybody dances and sings. I don't get it.  (MUSIC PLAYING) [21:30:05] UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Would you like to have something else? BOURDAIN: No, this is good. Oh, yeah. Wow. Oh, yeah.  Mm, that's good. Thank you. No, nothing, thank you. Delicious. So good.  (COMMERCIAL BREAK) (MUSIC) BOURDAIN (voice over): Leaving the fertile plains of the Punjab behind, I'm headed out towards the Himalayas. In getting there, at least the way I'm going, hasn't changed much in the last hundred years. All aboard.  (on camera): This is going to be suboptimal seating. I don't think this reclines. Thank god they have relaxed attitudes towards prescription drugs. Before you enter the gateway to the Himalayas, you better self-medicate.  Meanwhile, I have been like 24 hours without a bite of food.  [21:35:02] I arrive, it's like oh, there's snackks on the way. Great. Get a bag of peanuts.  (voice-over): Truth be told, I'm an angry bitter man when I board. I'm guessing there ain't a Shoanie's (ph) or a P.F. Chang on the way.  BOURDAIN (on camera): So little. The universal tourist. You go on the King Kong ride.  (voice-over): While my stomach growls, I become the kind of traveler I warn against -- gripey, self-absorbed, immune to my surroundings. But as my brightly colored little train heads up into the hills from Kalka Station, known as the gateway to the Himalayas, my world view starts to improve.  The unnaturally bright colors of India start to pleasurably saturate my brain. The views from the window of ridiculously deep valleys, hundred-year-old bridges, it's, well, breath-taking. My fellow passengers, too, are irresistibly charming. The school kids in their uniforms cheer in unison every time we pass through one of the tunnels.  CHILDREN: Hip hip hooray! Hip hip hooray!  BOURDAIN: I had pretty much forgotten about my hunger until the whistle stopped at Barog.  (on camera): Could I have one of those and two of these.  (voice-over): This place is named for a Colonel Barog, the British engineer tasked with building the line up to Shimla. The station and the adjacent tunnel bearing his name are rumored to be haunted.  (on camera): It's delicious.  (voice-over): Already behind schedule and plagued by cost overruns, Barog screwed up. When he realized the two ends of this tunnel didn't meet in the middle, he shot himself. It's the kind of personal accountability I would like to see more of, frankly. Or is that just me? But all my snarkiness fades as one can't help but reflect on what it took to dig, drag, blast and tunnel one's way up this route back in the day. Back in the beginning, making the trip to Shimla required a somewhat uncomfortable three-day trek up the mountain by foot or horse or hand- carried palanquin. The stats are impressive. The climb of around 5,000 feet, over 100 tunnels, more than 800 bridges, an engineering feat, a job that when you consider the time, defies imagining.  In the building of this railroad, many died. Many, many died.  [21:38:40] (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [21:43:10] BOURDAIN (voice-over): When you look at that painting, when you stand out front of the garden and look out at the view, can you picture the way it was?  RATANJIT SINGH: I have been to many places where it reminded me of what Shimla would have been when the British first came and settled there. I have ventured to such places. It is the time that we're from, like I'm feeling. BOURDAIN: Fond memories of British rule? Maybe not what you would expect to hear. But Kohwar (ph) Ratanjit Singh, that's Reggie for short, his family was different. Indian royalty with palaces, the 1 percent of the 1 percent. So life for Reggie as a young boy was, relative to the millions and millions of others his age, enchanted.  Shimla is from a time before partition, when nearly the entire ruling class of British India would move to hill stations in the hotter months. Shimla was once known as the queen of all hill stations. Here, the colonials created England in miniature complete with Tudor architecture, rose gardens, afternoon tea.  [21:45:00] SINGH: My grandfather, it's very difficult to decide what did you do? Well, quite frankly, he did nothing. He entertained hugely.  BOURDAIN: Garden parties, fancy dress balls, elephant hunts. The remnants of British rule can still be seen and felt. This is particularly true of one house -- Chapslee.  SINGH: My family was very fortunate that they were able to buy this house, because it was a famous house.  BOURDAIN: The house was purchased by Reggie's grandfather, the last maharajah of Kapurthala.  (on camera): The Brits really left beautiful buildings.  BOURDAIN (voice-over): From a distance, it looks much the same as it must have when the maharajah slept here.  (on camera): Check out the tub.  BOURDAIN (voice-over): Locked in a constant battle against time and nature, barbed wire does little to keep Shimla's ever encroaching monkey population at bay.  Stripped of their wealth and their kingdoms, the one-time royals all across India have had to either sell their estates or, like Reggie, turn them into hotels and guest houses in order to hold on. Ring a buzzer and a servant appears.  (on camera): They bring you hot water bottles at night, put them under the covers. Butlers keep popping in, build a nice fire.  SINGH: A great facet of my childhood was how my grandfather entertained. His table came to be known as perhaps the most famous in northern India because he was a connoisseur of food.  BOURDAIN (voice-over): Tonight, dinner at Chapslee, an elaborate Anglo-Indian menu from Reggie's childhood.  SINGH: I will put on my apron first.  BOURDAIN: My fellow guests, two of Reggie's friends, Raja Bathil (ph), a historian on the subject of Shimla, and Rakash Barlosou (ph), the barrister.  (on camera): So much history here. While I take a dim view of colonialization, it's very hard to resist the charms of a house like this.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: That's quite understandable, actually. You've got 100 years of very, very intense history funneled into a very small place.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This house used to house the secretary of state.  BOURDAIN: What am I eating? This is Eggs Florentine.  Oh, that's good.  This was a small town? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Small town with a very, very big government.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Shimla enjoys the unique distinction of having been the summer capital of India and, surprisingly, it was the capital of Burma during the war days.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: So here you have this tiny little village up on the hill connected to the rest of the world by a narrow mountain path and a rule, approximately a fifth of the human race for eight months every year. In today's context it would almost seem bizarre.  BOURDAIN: Mulligatawny soup. A classic example of what we think of as Indian food in the west but not at all. This was originally a soup made by Indian chefs to accommodate British tastes, is that correct?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It was something what you would call halfway between a regular dar (ph), a lentil, which you would eat and a broth.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Mutton glace chops. Basically, meat cooked in its own fat and it would have a lot of curry on it. [21:50:00] It's a misnomer. This meat is not actually mutton. It is chevron (ph). BOURDAIN: Here, back before the rail line, it would be a difficult trip.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.  BOURDAIN: But once they were up and running, there were many servants to look after your every need. You had a fireplace, a hearth in every room.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: And people on the regular payroll whose only job was to shoo monkeys off the droughts (ph).  BOURDAIN: Wow. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You'd be carried around in palanquins, a little box in which you sat, a curtained box. And this man would go (inaudible) on the ground and the common folk would give way. And normally they would not supposed to look in the direction. It was bad manners.  BOURDAIN: Right.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It wasn't easy for the people who built the town. It was India that paid the bill for all this grandeur, for all this pomp, for all this show. They did it at our expense and with our money.  BOURDAIN (voice-over0: At the end of the meal, there's coffee, brandy and cigars in the sitting room -- as one does, or once did.  SINGH: I hope you enjoyed your dinner too.  BOURDAIN (on camera): Oh ,very much. It was delicious. Really wonderful. A lot of history in this house.  (voice-over): And one can be forgiven for briefly forgetting what it took to build this lost kingdom. And how much the world has changed around it.  (COMMERCIAL BREAK) [21:55:24] BOURDAIN (voice-over): The monkey temple looks down on Shimla, overrun by its namesakes. Twisting up further into the Himalayas, I find myself at a place known as the land of the gods, nearly every village credited with having its own deity. Getting there, you might well have an opportunity to meet one of those deities as you tear around narrow guardrail free mountain roads, overlooking terrifying dropoffs.  (on-camera): I can do heights. I've done the jjumping out of the planes thing a number of times. But I feel it today. Looking over a precipice like that one, I feel it in my knees. Like, if my knees could vomit with terror, they would be. They would be vomiting with terror right now.  They should have little underwear stops on this road where you can get a fresh pair. Every couple of miles it's like ooh, that was scary.  (voice-over): Overloaded buses, water trucks with worn brake pads, aggressive truck drivers can come whaling around the corner at any time. And they do. About every two minutes. Squeeze your cheeks tight and close your eyes.  (on camera): Oh, the enchantment of India. (voice-over): The remote locations of these isolated mountain villages have kept old traditions alive.  (SINGING) BOURDAIN (voice-over): Village fairs serve as an opportunity for families who live very far apart to get together, play game, eat and partake in religious rites honoring local deities.  (on camera): Quite a ride getting here.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes. How did you enjoy that road?  BOURDAIN: White knuckles.  (voice-over): Meet Hashim. He runs motorcycle tours through these parts.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (inaudible) is the holy grail of motorcycling. You're traveling almost 1,000 kilometers on the trip. It's so unbelievably (inaudible). BOURDAIN: So we got here vegetable curry?  UNIDENITIFIED MALE: Yogurt based curry, quite typical in these parts.  BOURDAIN (voice-over): Vegetables again? Surprisingly, not a problem.  (on camera): That was good. This is one of the few places in the world that I could eat vegetarian every day and still be happy.  Most of the people in this community are farmers?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Farmers.  BOURDAIN: Agricultural?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.  BOURDAIN: What are they growing?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A lot of corn, potatoes, peas.  BOURDAIN: And weed. People grow marijuana here?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, loads.  BOURDAIN: Most of it as an export product or for personal use?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Everything. A mix of everything. So you think you want to go check out the fair a little bit?  BOURDAIN: Yes, let's take a walk through town, see what's going on.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: They're dominantly (ph) an occasion for all these families to come together and socialize. Because people are busy in their farms. They're not going to walk down and socialize with people. But this, you know, because it's autumn, everyone is done with all the agriculture. Now they're just bearing down for winter. There's a lot of romance in the air.  BOURDAIN: I've been to Mumbai, Calcotta, (inaudible), Rajasthan, Kerala -- this is a part of India that's different than any other part. Look, it's fascinating and beautiful.  (MUSIC) BOURDAIN: Oh, yes. Sweet.  Whoa, it's moving.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Voila. End of the road. [22:00:00] ANTHONY BOURDAIN, HOST (voice-over):  I went looking for the dream of Africa.  I woke up in Tanzania.   (THEME SONG) BOURDAIN:  The narrow streets and neatly dressed schoolchildren of Zanzibar's Stone Town make it feel like a very different Africa than I've ever known.  It's tight, small.  The architecture speaks of many layers.  The hierarchy long gone but still evident.   The famous Zanzibari doors, for instance.  Meticulously carved of mahogany and teak.  The patterns reveal details of the original inhabitants' ethnicity and professions.  Brass spikes evoke similar doors in India.  The lotus flower, a historically Egyptian symbol that's meant to promote fertility.  And chains, a reminder that this once was a central hub of the slave trade.   What Zanzibar is today is definitely and overwhelmingly Muslim:  99 percent of the population.  And you see a strong influence everywhere you look.  The children in hijab, coming from the madrassa.  The streets are neat, and private homes even of the very poor are maintained with great pride.  The call to prayer, five times a day.   Zanzibar, part of Tanzania but also a semi-autonomous state, sits just 30 miles off the coast of the mainland.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  The minute you cross the ocean from the mainland, you feel like you're in a different country and a different culture, different vibe.   BOURDAIN:  Saoud Saeed (ph) is a native Zanzibari and former tour guide, and he knows his way around these parts.   (on camera):  So, what are our options here?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  This is what we call mandazi.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Mandazi, a Swahili treat, basically an African donut, or flitter, and vahias (ph), a fried lentil fritter, Indian, spiced with cumin, turmeric and coriander.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Care for a cup of coffee?  BOURDAIN (on camera):  Yes, let's do it.  (voice-over):  If you live here, if you're from here, chances are you  start your day with some bitter spiced coffee.  Talk about the issues of the day, politics for one.  Maybe a pastry.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Is that good? BOURDAIN (on camera):  Oh, that's good.  So, you're born and bred here.  How long has your family been here?  How far back do you guys go?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I'm half Indian, half African, and my mother has been here four generation.   BOURDAIN:  Four generations, so that's starting out in the...  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Late 1700s.   BOURDAIN:  Wow.  Who built this neighborhood?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Construction started in about 1830 in a Portuguese colony.  We are Portuguese, yes? BOURDAIN:  Right. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  The Portuguese stayed from 1846 and left in 1934, but they lost a lot of power in 1896.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Confused?  Let's take a step back.   The Persians were the first major power to set up here back around 975 A.D., expanding their empire onto the strategically positioned island. Then the Portuguese used Zanzibar as a hub for their slave trade and spices.   Then the Omanis (ph) did the same, ultimately with the British, who ruled through them.   1964, revolution.  As with most revolutions, the days following were violent, chaotic and ugly.  After overthrowing the mostly Arab government, reprisals.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It wasn't intended for a revolution where more than 3,000 Arab soldiers and a lot of Indian soldiers were moved out of this country.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  But your family stayed?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  My family stayed.   BOURDAIN:  Why?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  There was no money for the family to move out.   BOURDAIN:  So it was just -- there was no option?  Stick with what was left? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  Tough times?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Very tough times.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  In about two hours from Stone Town, this is Jambiani, a tiny fishing village.  Here the first revolutionaries would meet and plan for an independent Zanzibar.  Zanzibar's first post-revolution president, Abeid Amani Karume, served until his assassination in 1972.   This, too, is Abeid Karume, grandson of the country's first president.  (on camera):  Well, what was the situation back then, political situation back then?  ABEID KARUME, GRANDSON OF ZANZIBAR'S FIRST PRESIDENT:  Well, it wasn't good.  Basically, it was English at the top, Arabs in the middle... BOURDAIN:  Right. KARUME:  ... and then the Africans are way, way at the bottom.  And it was a form of apartheid, you know.   BOURDAIN:  Was this village sort of a center for revolutionary...  KARUME:  This village was important in terms of the political support prior to the revolution.  When my grandfather and my grandmother stayed right here and had meetings on the field right over there. That's where they would have their meetings to raise support for the African and Shirazi people, their identity.  The objective was to give equal rights to all people of Zanzibar.  Of course revolutions aren't the best thing sometimes when it comes to peaceful transition. Well, this is the house of Ban Asani (ph) and Ilanka (ph).  They're preparing a wonderful lunch for us.   (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) GRAPHIC:  Your ghosts are here.  KARUME:  This is Martha (ph).  She used to take care of my grandmother many, many years ago.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) GRAPHIC:  How are you two? KARUME:  (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) GRAPHIC:  We're good. BOURDAIN:  We're here for lunch.   (voice-over):  Deemlaka (ph) was a close family friend to Abeid and his grandparents, and she's putting together quite a spread.  Coconut rice, freshly caught fish called tassi simmered in broth of garlic and lime, topped with um chusi (ph), a fresh salad of chopped tomato, eggplant, cucumber and potato.   Another fish, Cuvier (ph) or mackerel, marinated in juice and garlic, then pan-fried.   (on camera):  Now, this is good.   KARUME:  And you can use your hands.   BOURDAIN:  Good.  This I can do by hand.  The rice, I need help. Good.  That's looking good.  So coconut rice.  Japati bread from the other  side -- other side of the water there.   KARUME:  That's it.  This is cassava.  BOURDAIN:  Cassava? KARUME:  Two different types of... BOURDAIN:  Pan-fried bread.  Look at all these kids.  Watch out. Future revolutionaries. KARUME:  In the end (ph), the only one who's going to end up changing things come from them.  Think about it.  I mean, the challenges we face on a small island country.  That we all face sometime.  Have to preserve all these things and find balance.  For me, I see Africa as a whole.  I see a very interesting time.  I'm very hopeful. BOURDAIN:  Optimistic? KARUME:  I'm optimistic.  I think the Zanzibaris are a great people. And, given the opportunity, I think they can put a lot on the table, not only for themselves but also for the culture in East Africa and possibly even the world.  They're a great people.  Why not?  As far as an immigrant. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Say you're going to Zanzibar and people will tell you about the seafood.  It's pretty impressive.  In Stone Town or Downey Gardens (ph), every night vendors set up an insane variety of every iteration of seafood snack.   (on camera):  Oh, yes, I would love some of that.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  The first one here we've got tiger prawns.  We have octopus, calamari, with masala spice.  We have shellfish, we have a mussel small shell, a tuna fish, mahi-mahi.   BOURDAIN:  Good.  I think let me find some of the octopus.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Starburst (ph) lobster?  With masala spice.  But it's not hot.  But if you like hot, we give you... BOURDAIN:  I like hot.  All right, good.  Give me some chili mango with that.  All right, good.  Mmm.  I like it.  It's chewy but tasty.  Lobster is working for me. Too spicy for you, ma'am.  Yes.  Believe me, only one of us is going to be shitting like a (UNINTELLIGIBLE) tonight.  And it's not going to be you.   The famous Zanzibar pizza.  Awesome.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Cut up onion, beef, tomato fresh, cheese, mayonnaise, with egg. BOURDAIN:  Sounds awesome to me.  Looks good.  Thank you.  Mmm.  Weird and wonderful.  Mmm.   (voice-over):  These stands are extremely popular with locals and visitors alike, so of course the government raised the rents.  One guy, Juma, decided to pick up and move his place a bit out of town. His customers came with him.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  This is Juma.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  Hi, Juma.  How are you?  So what are we having?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Beef on a stick, chick on a stick, half chicken and all the spices, of course.   BOURDAIN:  Right.  I ordered beef for now.   Beef is good.  I'll take half a chicken.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Half a chicken?  BOURDAIN:  Yes, sure.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN:  Juma is famous for his chicken.  The bird is slathered with a mixture of garlic, lime, coriander, ginger, salt and pepper.  Then, it's grilled and served either as a satay or whole pieces topped with Tamarind chili sauce.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Preparation for all this is Saturday morning, preparing, cutting and then coming here at 6:30 to finish about 10.   BOURDAIN:  How many guys are working here?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It's about six, seven of them.   BOURDAIN:  Six or seven of them.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  All around the table.   BOURDAIN:  Wow, it's like a big operation.  He's finishing the skewers, I guess he's half-cooking or saucing.  He's re-heating, finishing the skewers.  That guy doesn't just set up plates for him to top with meat.  And then I guess they've got the bread and sauce and finishing them to go, also.   What are they squirting on the fries?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  There's hot sauce.  There's ketchup.   BOURDAIN:  So you never go hungry here.  There's always food in the street.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  If you come here to buy ten skewers, you're going to eventually buy 20 or 30, because somebody is always asking for food. BOURDAIN:  Right. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  And you always buy it.  It's just the culture. You always shell out food.   BOURDAIN:  There we go.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  And you use the stick as your fork.   BOURDAIN:  Hot, hot, hot.   Where do you think the recipe came from?  This is a real mixed-up history here?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It's mostly Arabic/Indian components with the spices, most of the trees like mangos came from India, pineapples came from Brazil.   BOURDAIN:  Tamarind, southeast Asia, not even India.   Damn, that's good.  Damn.  The chicken is really awesome.  I might need some more of this.  I'm liking the heat, man.  Good stuff. Incredible.   (voice-over):  The 250-mile flight from Zanzibar across the water to the town of Arusha takes an hour and a half.  But culturally, you might as well be flying from Texas to the Philippines.   Kilimanjaro, into whose white peak Hemingway's gangrenous hero saw himself disappear as he slipped into death.  From there we head into the Serengeti.   A journey of this kind, one must expect the occasional setback.   We reach the eastern edge of the Serengeti, where it's a steep climb to the magnificent Ngorongoro Crater, once a massive volcano that somewhere around 2.5 million years ago collapsed in on itself, creating this caldera, a true lost word.  Inside the crater, an entire ecosystem within an ecosystem.  Wildlife pretty much stayed put.   Coming to drink, well, right below my place.  It's nice.  Very, very nice if you find yourself here.  A hot bubble bath awaits after a long day in the bush.  Perhaps a dry sherry from a cut glass decanter.  The next morning one rises to breakfast in one's chambers on the  balcony, perhaps.  Silver service, hot coffee, freshly baked croissant.  (on camera):  Good morning.  Thank you, sir.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  You're welcome.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  The rules of the house, while slightly restricting, are sensible enough, and given the luxurious surroundings and the view, hardly a burden.   (on camera):  You're not supposed to wander around at night here unescorted.  There's, like, lions and hyenas and elephants and stuff. And while I'm told that baboons can get rapey, there were no knocks on the door.  You know, I know what you're thinking already.  You're not going to do what I think you're going to do, are you?  You're not going to go out there and shoot some beautiful animal in the brain. No.  Answer?  No.  What kind of sick (AUDIO GAP) wants to shoot an elephant?   Even the toilet has a nice view.  This is pretty much what you see, because you're sitting on the snakes.   Idyllic natural setting and good plumbing, it's pretty much paradise. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  It's nuts driving into the Serengeti.  After a short while you actually get used to the "Jungle Book" scene playing out in front of your car.   (on camera):  It's interesting to see the giraffe and wildebeests, zebra.  They all seem to hang out with each together.  No conflict at all. COLIN MCCONNELL, GUIDE:  Pretty much there's no conflict in what they want to eat.  It starts with the elephants, buffalos taking the big stuff out.  The zebras follow it down, and the wildebeests are the really close crop.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  My guide is Colin McConnell, a fourth generation African born in Kenya, who lives in Tanzania and knows this area like I know the deli counter at Barney Greengrass.   MCCONNELL:  About every tree you see here that's lying on its side hasn't fallen out of choice.  It's been pushed over by elephants.   There's an elephant over there.   BOURDAIN:  Oh, yes.  Whoo!  MCCONNELL:  It's a big bull.   BOURDAIN:  Magnificent.  Will he charge us?  MCCONNELL:  No.   BOURDAIN:  If we piss him off?  MCCONNELL:  If we piss him off he would.   They sleep so soundly, these zebra.  You can creep right up.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Zebras and more zebras, so many you almost get bored seeing a heard of them.  Giraffes looking only slightly irritated to be interrupted and ever more massive herds, stadium-sized crowds of wildebeests.  A Phish concert of these unkempt looking things every few hundred yards.  All that's missing is a hackey sack.   MCCONNELL:  Everyone's come to terms with now the wildebeest migration means wildebeests jumping into rivers, but in fact, that only happens two months of the whole year.  The rest of the year they're trekking through the bush.  To me this is so much more spectacular when you see these big numbers.  You'll be in an area this morning that was full of wildebeests and go there this afternoon, and there's not one.  They've moved.   BOURDAIN:  Thousands and thousands of wildebeests on their annual migration are everywhere.  A big circle stretched out across Tanzania and into Kenya, in search of prime grazing.  It's all about water and grass and a good place to make babies.   MCCONNELL:  I mean, look at this little guy.  He's keeping up with his mom.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  He's doing OK.   MCCONNELL:  Within 15 minutes of being born, they're up and standing.   BOURDAIN:  Really?   MCCONNELL:  Running as fast as their moms within a couple of hours.   There's a wildebeest that didn't make it.   BOURDAIN:  How long has it been there?  MCCONNELL:  A day or two.   BOURDAIN:  Really? MCCONNELL:  Very fresh.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  You don't want to get lost here.  You definitely don't want to be on foot outside your car or injured, for instance.  Nature, as they say, is a cruel mistress.  It takes care of its own without mercy.   The evidence of this cool math called survival is everywhere.   (on camera):  Non-immediate family, you're not going to help a brother out.  MCCONNELL:  No.  You would think, huh?  BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Start limping, first come the hyenas.   MCCONNELL:  The hyenas see the vultures dropping. BOURDAIN:  Right. MCCONNELL:  And that's key to them there's food up.  And the vultures really need the hyenas to rip open the skin to start eating it.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  By the time they finished ripping out your soft parts, treating your femur like a chew toy, the vultures and the marabou storks lovingly called the undertaker birds, are waiting for their turn.   I don't know about you, but whenever I have cause to reflect on a pack of hyenas tunneling into an ass and ripping out the guts, I think, you know what?  I could really go for some pesto right now. By Lake Masek we paused for lunch.  Indigenous specialties like penne with pesto, steamed baby corn, and snow peas, grilled tomatoes sprinkled with parmigiana, oh look brownies. Those hippos are coming in close. MCCONNELL:  Yes, they can smell the pesto. BOURDAIN:  They love pesto. They're coming ashore. MCCONNELL:  You're safe. BOURDAIN:  Over thankfully cold beers, I learn who is really the most dangerous animal here.  Yeah that's right, Mr. Lovable funny hippo, always in a tutu in the cartoon, a vicious, unpredictable and apparently incredibly fast moving killer. MCCONNELL:  You know, you happen to leave here and go for a pee behind the tree there... BOURDAIN:  Yeah MCCONNELL:  ... and come face to face with this hippo.  The hippo would easily outrun you, one big chomp, big tusks straight through you (inaudible). BOURDAIN:  Just get between them and their mud hole and they'll be all over you like Justin Beiber's bodyguards, it can get ugly. What do hippo penises look like? MCCONNELL:  I have no idea. BOURDAIN:  Did a hippo never emerges from the water with like a... MCCONNELL:  No. BOURDAIN:  ... with a hippo hard on? MCCONNELL:  Not that I've seen. BOURDAIN:  Really? MCCONNELL:  No, they're underwater.  I don't go snorkeling. BOURDAIN:  I find that comforting to know. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) (FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN:  They are among the last great warrior tribes on earth. Semi-nomadic, they believe that all the world's cattle are a gift of the gods to them, the Maasai People.  They move with their animals across the Tanzanian plains, setting up homes where they find the best grazing. Their cattle are everything, the wealth of the family, units of currency, givers of milk to live and on special occasions of meat and blood.  The Maasai construct their villages or boma's like this, a strategic hamlets designed to repel and discourage predators. INGELA JANSSON, FIELD BIOLOGIST, SERENGETI LION PROJECT:  We have a lot of livestock coming in here.  A lot of the other, like migratory games they've all taken off, so this area is quite famous for the cats, the big cats. BOURDAIN:  The big cats, lions roam free here, an area of the Serengeti called Nduto. JANSSON:  It's a paradox, I mean the lions are an enemy to them, they are a competitor but they're also something that they greatly admire. BOURDAIN:  Swedish native Ingela Jansson, a field biologist for the Serengeti Lion Project is trying to find a balance between the needs, traditions, and basic identity of the Maasai people to the outside world's desire to protect these beautiful killing machines.  This is what could happen when a Maasai warrior defending his cattle takes on a hungry adult lion, nobody wants this. For the Maasai being apprised of the comings and goings of the lion population is a useful thing, preferable to find out in advance one would think and take evasive action than the alternative.  But remember too and respect that the Maasai have always defined themselves and their identities by their enemy, a tribe of proud warriors.  What happens when there's no one and nothing to fight? Ingela has brought several Maasai on her team to show them up close the lions they share this land with. JANSSON:  So often on my days when I'm working with the Maasai, you don't eat at all, you get a cup of tea in the morning and if you're lucky in the rainy season you'll get either fresh milk or this. BOURDAIN:  This is amasi by the way, a lumpy yogurt like drink central to the Maasai diet. JANSSON:  Cheers. BOURDAIN:  Cheers. And before you say yuck, it might be worth noting that between their nearly 100 percent protein diet of meat, blood, and dairy, the Maasai are known to have near super human cardio.  Olympic level stamina and condition, they can run miles at a time without rest or water and can basically kick your ass at near any physical contest given half the chance.  So, help yourself to some sour lumpy goodness. Not bad, a little honey, some raisins in there, good to go. JANSSON:  It's so different here, like the rainy season, dry season. Such different challenges.  What do you think of going under here? BOURDAIN:  I'm OK with it. Currently Ingela has been tracking two lions in particular, Ramus (ph) and Puyo (ph). JANSSON:  Oh Ramus is there.  Do you see him? BOURDAIN:  I see -- yes I do, there're they are, I see them.  Wow, two of them. JANSSON:  Yeah. BOURDAIN:  You like them don't you? JANSSON:  They're magnificent.  They've very admirable.  He's a bit of a warrior that one.  Should we try and approach them? BOURDAIN:  Yeah. JANSSON:  When you go for lions, you don't -- never drive straight on them. BOURDAIN:  Right. JANSSON:  You kind of go in an angle, that relaxes them. It's funny how they pretend they don't see, but they're so completely aware. So basically what we look at to identify them are the spots, it's like a fingerprint.  Puncturing in his face that means he's fighting with females, because if they fight with other competitor males, it will be -- the wounds will be on the back.  It's too dangerous to go for the head area of a fight.  The reason for the collar is to see how lions behave to cope with treats in the area, to show that lions and Maasai can actually stay together.  They've always lived together. For the Maasai one of the diminishing things for them is large grazing lands (ph) and it's the same resource that the lion needs.  If push came to show and one part had to go.  It wouldn't be the wild life that's bringing in far too much money for this country. So if they can show that they're actually fundamental and to protecting this area and protecting the lions.  Well, then it's the better for them as well. BOURDAIN:  What's total population of lions do you think the country want? JANSSON:  Tanzania probably has at least 25 to 50 percent of the total population of lions so it's important country for it.  And the last estimate is 30,000 lions remaining and I think it's no so much the worry of the size.  But it's the rapid decrease. We've lost large predators in the big part of the world.  The worlds carry on.  You would probably have other predators to take their place, you know, there'll be the Hyenas, there'll be the cheetahs, there'll be the leopards.  Of course they couldn't take the big prey like the lion does.  If you think about it that way, lions are a big show of an echo system that is healthy.  There important to that. 20-22 hours a day they relax.  So if, you know, when seen enough you can capture one (ph). BOURDAIN:  And they were beautiful. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  Just a few miles from the crater's rim, the CEO (ph) village about 400 Maasai live here. (FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN:  Olioderup (ph) is the chief.  He has four wives, 12 children a handful of whom are old enough to be out looking after the herds. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Where are you from, Tony? BOURDAIN:  I was born in New Jersey and live in New York. You have a son in New Jersey, yeah? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes, yes.  He studied in one of the college known a Montclair State. BOURDAIN:  Oh sure I don't know (ph) Montclair very well. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Oh yeah. BOURDAIN:  Here (ph) where I grow up. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Oh yes. JANSSON:  Look, look at that cloud there.  There's going to be some downpour.  Well, do you think it come here Olioderup (ph)? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  No. JANSSON:  No. BOURDAIN:  Not us. JANSSON:  It's funny like they always know what the clouds are doing, that's our (ph) weather a report out here. BOURDAIN:  The Maasai have been migrating with the seasons since they came to this part of Africa some time in the 15th century.  Long, long before the Serengeti become a national park.  And here we run into kind of existential conflict we'll be seeing more and more of as the world decide what they valued most.  Unspoiled expanses of nature populated still with magnificent wild but aggressively protected animals or the indigenous people. JANSSON:  The aim for our project is promoting coexistence with lions. So when I came here to start of Lion Guardians, there were many among them who would say that we're very suspicious. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  And she knows why. JANSSON:  They thought this is going to lead to us being kicked out, that's a constant fear in this are. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Because in the past the Maasai go to (inaudible) where they -- and they kill.  But today we stopped that, or we can kill if no way. BOURDAIN:  If you have no alternative. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yeah, that's why we have the spear.  We are not hunters (ph) people (inaudible) the spear (inaudible) for protection only. JANSSON:  The Maasai they trust that we're here to kick them out, that we're here to work with them.  And, we seeing that we're going to be to start Lion Guardian project which basically you hire Maasais to protect the lions rather than kill them. BOURDAIN:  With all of the cattle inside people house.  How do you protect them from predators? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  The animal (inaudible).  If you do not bother them, they do not bother you. BOURDAIN:  So, how about when they grazing? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  When they're grazing we have people who follow. BOURDAIN:  And that's enough to discourage hyaenas or lion. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.  But they sometime they're happy lion so they making a loud to show themselves that they're very happy.  And the way to make that is in "woo, woo, ho, ho" (ph).  That's to make you happy, you know, that's a -- if they does like to catch something we can hear very close only like "grr" (ph) and they'll stop.  But that's loud "woo" (ph). BOURDAIN:  That's a happy one. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  That's a happy one. BOURDAIN:  No problem. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  No problem. BOURDAIN:  But that purring one that, the second noise that's good? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  That one is not... BOURDAIN:  That's a here kitty situation. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Those are all.  This one must looking for finding a food and maybe... BOURDAIN:  OK.  Wow my cat hate me. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yeah. BOURDAIN:  OK, this a lot of you are going to find very disturbing. I'm guessing the little goat over there is about to get the bad news. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Come now and touch likes this. BOURDAIN:  I try and be a good guest.  I eat what my host put in front of me.  I try to take responsibility if something dies for my dinner. Stand here? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  No, no here. BOURDAIN:  This one? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  All this and the horn. BOURDAIN:  So when the Chief asked if I care to do the honors and tells me how it has to be done, I'm not happy. In fact, as I close off its air passages, I'm struggling to not throw up on myself. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  (Inaudible). Yeah. Tony, do you know how to skin? I can actually... BOURDAIN:  Not well enough. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  ... maybe I can show you and then I can -- go ahead, OK? BOURDAIN:  The Maasai traditionally kill their goats by suffocation for very good reason it turns out. They keep the blood which is a vital component for the Maasai diet intact and abundant in the chest cavity. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It continue -- you notice (inaudible) skin out so we can cut it here. (OFF-MIKE) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yeah. Good. You know. (OFF-MIKE) Good.  And then, continue like this. BOURDAIN:  More? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes, a little more.  Good. BOURDAIN:  Good, everything is intact, beautiful. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  There's a blood, so all the blood... BOURDAIN:  It filled up the cavity... UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  ... and started to get coagulate. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  I get it now. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It is easy enough to take the blood out. BOURDAIN:  Right. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  You see. BOURDAIN:  Wow. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yeah. BOURDAIN:  That's really -- I've never seen that.  That's super cool. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yeah.  Someone like to drink fresh? BOURDAIN:  Sure. (FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN:  Not bad. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It's good. People -- they eat this one is fresh. BOURDAIN:  That's a kidney. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yeah.  You like a piece? BOURDAIN:  Yup, just a little piece.  A little. Deep done, it's time for a little kidney.  Enjoy the spoils, then party. It's sweet, actually, that's good.  I like it better than like this than cooked. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  That smelling good. JANSSON:  Yeah.  That's true.  That's very good. I'm not too much of a meat eater but this -- I kind of like the goat. BOURDAIN:  Even on the Serengeti, it ain't a barbecue if there ain't some kind of beer. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Normally we have the Maasai, we love honey.  We have a -- we call honey beer.  The drink is just very strong.  So, we here. BOURDAIN:  I love to try it some. (FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN:  How can you (ph) change in the mood? (FOREIGN LANGUAGE) JANSSON:  Take one cup. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  OK, one cup. JANSSON:  I find it... (FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN:  Not bad. JANSSON:  You know, it's refreshing, it's fine. BOURDAIN:  It's like a palm wine or (inaudible) like kind of cool (inaudible) like a taste, also... JANSSON:  You can definitely taste the honey. BOURDAIN:  Yeah. JANSSON:  The sweet. (FOREIGN LANGUAGE) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  According to our culture, everyone has to carry a big knife. BOURDAIN:  Everybody's ready. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yeah. BOURDAIN:  Many aspects of their lifestyle and traditions remain unchanged. Perfect. This does not mean Maasai don't have cellphones by the way.  Everybody does. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  And they say when we're talking about how can we balance this because they're now looking to send our children to school, getting a good education but we still are staying very strong culture. Yeah, he is really coming like a hard time but we continue. BOURDAIN:  I've got some other question, you know, when your son comes back live from New Jersey, you know, is your son going to want a motorcycle, is he going to want a car, is he going to watch flat screen T.V.? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I don't know what for the future because as you know the children they're very quickly changing their mind.  Maybe one day he comes and he's a New Jersey boy.  I don't know. BOURDAIN:  It's beautiful this country, this part of Africa. Geographically huge but not really as the world and what we need to live in it shrinks everyday. Who gets to live here?  Who or what do we want to see, is for better or worst who wanted to determine that. Nearly $1.5 billion spent here every year by people who come wanting to look mostly at beautiful animals.  That is an amount it is hard to argue with and impossible to outrun. (MUSIC) ANTHONY BOURDAIN, ANTHONY BOURDAIN PARTS UNKNOWN HOST:  In Bahia, you find yourself in the heart of the heart of Brazil, where the magic comes from.  If you want to get there, just follow the sound of the drums. This is Salvador De Bahia, city of three million people, first capital of Brazil.  The wellspring for everything African and spicy, where things seem to just sway and move constantly. It's a place where everybody is sexy, where even the ugly people are hot. Unsurprisingly, this is where artists come from.  African spiritualism, cult magic, Candomble, Capoeira.  And caipirinhas, did I mention caipirinhas?  They do those here, too.  I like them.  I like them a lot. What's magical about this cocktail is the first taste, it's like, I don't know, man, it's a little too something.  Then like that second sip, it's like oh, that's kind of good.  Then the third sip, it's where are my pants. Fortunately, food in these parts tends to be, shall we say, hearty. For instance, a delightful meal of fried meat with plenty of absorbent starch product like farofa, the perfect accompaniment to many, many caipirinhas. Excellent.  Now we're talking.  It's a tough town for vegetarians. Good.  And I'll have six more of these, please.  People are staring at me, they said, "Looked at that.  The even hump of American, how much he's eating."  Just line them up, my friend.  Right here.  Yeah. So nice walking around here.  The party and the components are really amazing.  There's always drums somewhere. CLAUDIO (PH):  Welcome to Salvador my friend. BOURDAIN:  Good to be here, again. MAURELIA (PH):  Oh, yeah? BOURDAIN:  I love it here. CLAUDIO (PH):  Please.  One cup for you, men.  Welcome to Salvador, right? BOURDAIN:  Thank you. CLAUDIO (PH):  What a good seat. BOURDAIN:  This is Claudio and Maurelia.  It's good to have friends in a place like Salvador.  In fact, you're pretty much lost without them. Tuesday night in (inaudible). CLAUDIO (PH):  Yeah, man. And the Tuesday nights are very impressive. Many people come to church first, next you go into drinking around. Try something, listen to good amused and (inaudible), man. BOURDAIN:  You have to work tomorrow, right? MAURELIA (PH):  Yeah. BOURDAIN:  I guess that's Brazil, right? MAURELIA (PH):  Yes, Brazil, but you have this kind of behavior here, in (inaudible), but not in whole city. BOURDAIN:  So how different is Salvador from Rio and Sao Paulo? CLAUDIO (PH):  Man, Salvador is the mother, you know.  The music here, the (inaudible) to this area is amazing, man. BOIRDAIN:  It is. CLAUDIO (PH):  It's amazing.  Eats, drink, history, memory, anything. BOURDAIN:  Pelourinho, Pelo for short, was Salvador during the Portuguese colonial period.  It's almost always a party, a series of parties, actually, but tonight is special. CLAUDIO (PH):  Look at this, man. BOURDAIN:  Smells good. CLAUDIO (PH):  Yes. BOURDAIN:  Oh, that's good. MAURELIA (PH):  Isn't that good? BOURDAIN:  So, where to next? MAURELIA (PH):  Go to the church. BOURDAIN:  Yup. CLAUDIO (PH):  I like to bring you here today because coming here, people everywhere, it's free party. You can dance, you can drink beer everywhere.  Let's go to see the show inside, it's amazing.  Do you want to try that? BOURDAIN:  What is it? CLAUDIO (PH):  It's Caramio, mix of honey and lemon. BOURDAIN:  Alcohol? CLAUDIO (PH):  Yes. BOURDAIN:  Alcohol of unknown original in dispensed from a top of the head of a stranger? It's good. CLAUDIO (PH):  That's good. BOURDAIN:  Mama always said that was a good idea. I don't know if it's the booze or the music or the tropical heat, but after a while bouncing from place to place, wandering down old cobblestone streets, different music issuing from everywhere, a different party, people flowing out of buildings, one gathering, commingling with another, the music mixing, it really does seem that everybody is moving to some mysterious unknowable pulse, some unheard throb that moves people to constantly touch each other, stroke hips, necks, limbs. It is useful to know that of over 12 million Africans dragged, ripped and kidnapped from their homelands, nearly five million ended up in Brazil.  1.5 million of them in Bahia alone. Pelourinho became the locus of a vast infrastructure of plantations and the slave trade that powered them.  Making this city in Northeastern Brazil the most opulent in the new world.  Pelourinho, it's worth pointing out, gets its name from the whipping post. A hundred years after slavery was outlawed in Brazil, Pelourinho had been forgotten.  But of course, the neighborhood had its charms.  If you were an artist, a musician, a writer, you could afford to live here.  Cheap rent for long-time locals or shiny new art galleries at hipster cafes, we know which way the current of history runs. Here though, one man stands alone.  Jayme Figura a poet, sculptor, painter, musician, now perhaps his own greatest artistic creation. He's chosen to hide his face from view and to stand in opposition, an eyesore, a rebuke, a defiant war-like embarrassment to the occupiers. As he dresses now, this is for protection but as I understand, also protest. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It's a kind of protest but also protection.  You know? BOURDAIN:  Who's the enemy? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Everyone. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  You see face and not the heart. BOURDAIN:  How long have you been wearing the armor?  How long? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  46 years. BOURDAIN:  46 years.  That was a long time ago.  You ever been on the beach? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  No sun.  Only shadow and beer.  And no... BOURDAIN:  You're Goth, dude. FIGURA:  Whiskey. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Whiskey and coconut too, but not sun.  No sun. Not water, not sun. BOURDAIN:  Just down from where we're sitting, Jayme's Pelourinho studio.  His water and power have been shut off, but he insists he's going nowhere. Brazil is supposed to be about what, music, dancing, sun, hot women. Does he reject those things?  Does he think it's (inaudible)? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  He's in the wrong country, he tells.  I'm in the wrong country. BOURDAIN:  Where would the perfect place be? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  The rock city. BOURDAIN:  Rock city.  That's Detroit. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Detroit. FIGURA:  Detroit. BOURDAIN:  Detroit, rock city.  What music inspires him? FIGURA:  Iron maiden. BOURDAIN:  Iron maiden.  I think they're touring, actually. FIGURA:  Nirvana. BOURDAIN:  Nirvana, Metallica? FIGURA:  Beethoven. BOURDAIN:  Beethoven. FIGURA:  Metallica, Beethoven. BOURDAIN:  What do you think about all of this?  I mean anybody who comes here recognizes immediately that this is a really uniquely extraordinary and despite many problems, a uniquely wonderful, magical place UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It's a magical place but also for us, for me and for him, here is a place where many people have, black has suffered. That is still one kind of karma of this old history here, you know. BOURDAIN:  So, what is the real Pelourinho? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  We are the real Pelourinho. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  I don't like Pina Coladas but I like walking in the rain. I like wandering through markets as much as the next guy, but what I really like are neurotoxins. In Japan, they call it Fugu.  Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's eyes, ovaries and internal organs are just packed with varying amounts of toxins and some hysterical mini's (ph) will tell you the tetrodotoxin present in the blowfish is 1,200 times more potent than cyanide.  And they'll tell you how if it's consumed, you remain conscious while your muscles gradually become paralyzed and death, like a slow-moving freight train, moves closer and closer.  And whatever you do, just make sure you cut out that liver. I say (inaudible). So, we're eating blowfish. BEL BORBA:  Yes. It's an adventure. BOURDAIN:  Like the Japanese, they like the poisons. BORBA:  I know, I know, I know, yeah. BOURDAIN:  But they remove the liver and the skin and all of that. BORBA:  It's supposed to be removed properly. BOURDAIN:  Right.  Properly, right.  I saw a Simpson's episode, I think. BORBA:  This guy makes it great. BOURDAIN:  Poisonous blowfish (inaudible) recipe.  Add to said fish, lemon, coriander, onion, tomato, coconut milk, dende oil, cover and simmer.  I am confident in this cook I don't know.  And in this man, Bel BORBA, my host and an aficionado of this dish.  Smelling good.  BORBA, ARTIST:  Bon appetite.   BOURDAIN:  Thank you.  BORBA:  There's a lot of pepper, huh?  BOURDAIN:  Oh, yeah.  Good pepper.  Nice and spicy.  I can't feel my legs.  Is that a bad thing?  Bel is an artist, after all.  A very famous one.  So, he knows about neurotoxins.  He comes from a long tradition of artists who have found inspiration in Bahia. Is there something about Salvador you think that's conducive to an artistic sensibility?  I mean there's so much color here and music.  BORBA:  Life, the life here is beautiful.   BOURDAIN:  The life is really special.  I mean, just the colors of the city are amazing.  The colors of the people are amazing, and the way they move.  BORBA:  They move.   BOURDAIN:  I don't know, when I first came here, I thought everybody in this city looks like they're -- they just got or they're on their way to go.  So this was the central market back before supermarkets, this is where everybody did their shopping, right?  BORBA:  Oh, yes.  You know what?  This is the real Brazil in here. The real Bahia.  BOURDAIN:  Right.   BORBA:  This place, is the intestine of the city.  They sell shrimps and stuff here, oil and stuff.  This kind of oil, they called dende, palm oil.   BOURDAIN:  Oh, yeah.   BORBA:  However you want it to call.  BOURDAIN:  Yeah, I love the dende oil.  You know, it takes some getting used to.  The first time I was here, you know, you eat it, you shit like a mink for hours afterwards.  But now, no problem.  I've been eating this all week.  I Love it.  If you're in your first time in Brazil you will... BORBA:  You will develop your resistance.   BOURDAIN:  Yeah. BORBA:  Now you're (inaudible). BOURDAIN:  There you go buddy.  Hope you like spicy.  He's a Brazilian cat.  He's got to like spicy.  BOURDAIN:  A little (inaudible).  BORBA:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  Told you.  That will set you right.  BORBA:  I think that now, you protected on the poison.  BOURDAIN:  Right. We're coming up to the world cup and I mean a lot of people are going to be reading about crime and all that.  How do you think it's going to go, the world cup?  Disaster or it's going to somehow workout? BORBA:  I think it will be a success, it will be successful. BOURDAIN:  You think it will be a success.  BORBA:  I'm sure of it.  BOURDAIN:  Salvador is one of the host cities for the 2014 World Cup. A huge stadium has recently been completed, but a lot of people are worried, concerned, if Brazil is ready.  I've been told thousands of prostitutes are studying tourist-appropriate languages in preparation, so probably a lot of people are going to get laid, a lot of people are going to get robbed, a lot of people are going to get laid and robbed.  BORBA:  Have you ever been here in carnival? BOURDAIN:  No. BORBA:  It's... BOURDAIN:  Well that's... BORBA:  The world cup is like carnival.  BOURDAIN:  And that works out, right?  That's not a slaughter fest.  BORBA:  It's a breakfast.  BOURDAIN:  Right.  BORBA:  (inaudible) happens, but it works.  BOURDAIN:  I think Salvador in particular is a place where... BORBA:  May I? BOURDAIN:  No matter -- thank you.  No matter what people should come. Even people who are afraid to travel, who say oh, well, but I hear. No, you know what, this is, live your life, man.  You should not miss a place like this, because there aren't a lot of places in the world that even come close to this.  BORBA:  Look at (inaudible) we are today, I invited you to have this dish.  We are not going to die.  Because... BOURDAIN:  Yeah, I'm pretty sure.  BORBA:  ... because we are not born to die.  BOURDAIN:  Yeah, I'm pretty sure Mr. Muffin stuff over here is going to suddenly jump on, he start clawing my face.  BORBA:  He's laughing at us.  If the poison was active, he's dead. BOURDAIN:  I didn't think of that.  But it -- But I shall call you  canary.  BORBA:  We are not born for dying.  BOURDAIN: No. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  The bay of all saints, a vast natural harbor allowed Salvador to prosper.  Tucked along its shore, if you look hard enough, you'll find a small grouping of shacks roofed in corrugated tin. This is where a local fishermen's association brings their catch to sell to wholesalers, and then relax after a long day on the water. Catch of the day, the prized big red snapper.  Rub with sea salt, lemon, olive oil, grill over charcoal.  Enjoy view. So everybody here is fishermen? Meet, Maloca (ph), a very special guy.  He's been working as our head of security and as for reasons that are immediately obvious, he enjoys respect and reputation on the streets.  But he also comes out of this neighborhood and these guys are his friends. How's business now?  I mean, lot of fish out there?  Fishing business good? Lunch wouldn't be complete without a delicious spicy salsa of garlic, tomato, onions and peppers.  On the side, some deep fried little smelts.  Don't forget the beer and the Cachaca and enjoy. Yeah. That will work.  It looks like a big grouper. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It's a big redfish. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I have to advise you that it's spicy. BOURDAIN:  It's spicy.  What do they drink, beer or Cachaca? BOURDAIN:  Both.  All right. Still working? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  He work more than all of us. BOURDAIN:  They use a line or net? A line. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  My secret is just the hand around a piece of wood like that. BOURDAIN:  Right. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  And take it like that. BOURDAIN:  They don't cut the hands? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Always cut the hands. BOURDAIN:  Fishing anywhere is hard and the way these guys do it, particularly hard.  Mostly hand lines from small boats.  Just look at these hands. OK.  You're a hard man, literally. Yeah, that's what I want, right here.  Oh, yeah.  Jackpot.  That's -- you'll pardon the expression, some good head. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  The fisherman loves the head. BOURDAIN:  It's awesome. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It's the best part for them. BOURDAIN:  Looking good.  Take him to slow him right on the (inaudible). That is a good piece of fish.  Beautiful. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  Here In Rio, you'll give anything less to that perfectly cut, you feel terrible going to the beach.  You never want to go to the beach.  Here, you can frolic in a Speedo and feel pretty good about myself.  They let it all hang out of here. Caipirinha? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Caipirinha. BOURDAIN: The Caipirinha man.  This indispensable icon of Brazilian beach culture is known to start with fresh lime, muddle and mash with more lime juice, sugar, ice, the magic ingredient, Cachaca.  That's basically the distilled liquor of the sugar cane.  Shaken, not stirred, and you've got yourself one of the world's truly great cocktails, the utility beverage good for any time of day or any social occasion. Very satisfying.  These toasted cheese things here, awesome. If there's anything better than cheese, it's semi-melted cheese.  And what's the best part of French onion soup?  It's the little burned bits piece of cheese around the edge. Yeah.  Just as good as it looks. Look at this line. These guys are famous. Acaraje, I've had it before.  I have had it here, in fact.  These ladies make it good.  Really good.  The clothes go back to the newly freed slaves who now were able to practice their religion and began selling the Acaraje to support the Candomble community. What is Acaraje?  Behold.  A paste, a butter, a falafel like wad or smooched up black-eyed peas, seasoned with brown brine shrimp and onions, deep fried to crispy and golden with some chili spike in dende oil.  Already if you're a rookie, you're guaranteed some quality time on the porcelain bus real soon.  On the top, you got you're vatapa, which is sort of a shrimp curry paste.  And your tomato salad, your fried shrimp, Camarao frito, a must. All right, beautiful. Don't forget the hot chili oil and prepare for lift-off. Really good. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  When millions of Africans were taken by force to Brazil, the traditions, the musical roots they had, instruments they played, their gods and their food came with them.  In the days of slavery, you would hide that stuff, whether it was your religion or your self- defense skills. So tell me about capoeira. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  It was a kind of martial art but in the beginning of the 19th century, capoeira became more like a game and the music instruments were associated to the finest. BOURDAIN:  No hand, right?  Both feet and the head?  Why no hands? UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  We use the hands in just a few movements. BOURDAIN:  Where did that come from and why do you think that became... UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Some people say that this is inspired by the animal movements. BOURDAIN:  In a recent study observing the comparative destructive power between kicks from various martial arts, of Karate, Muay Thai and Taekwondo, it was Capoeira that packed the most ferocious impact. The colonial masters knew this and made it illegal for much of Brazil's history.  Today, maestros like Chanja and Paulinia (ph) teach capoeira in classrooms and on stages. Originally it was a male- dominated activity. When did that change? UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Since the '60s. Masters (inaudible) -- we start our process in the beginning of the '80s and nowadays, we have hundreds of women practice capoeira. BOURDAIN:  What was it like in the beginning?  The very first women who did it? UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Mothers or fathers or the family. BOURDAIN: Right. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  You know, it's sad that well, capoeira is not for women, why do you decide to do this. BOURDAIN:  Afro Brazilian cuisine is the result of many, many years of cooks experimenting with African and Portuguese dishes combined with local ingredients like seafood, chillies, coconut milk.  This is Angelica's (ph) house.  Open one day a week as a restaurant serving her unique style of Bahian dishes. Beautiful.  Wow.  Look at that. ANGELICA (PH):  Looks very good. BOURDAIN:  How has being a master of capoeira, how has that changed the rest of your life? UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  I think changed it a lot.  Women in general, they don't learn to fight.  Learning how to be involved in real fights, game and fight at the same time, we became more prepared to be involved in symbolic fight and in our society.  The women, they are not so well prepared like men. BOURDAIN:  It was purely African in the beginning, and now it's Afro- Brazilian form, is that correct? UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  All the instruments are African instruments. BOURDAIN:  Right.  They're singing.  A lot of singing, and it's important. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Yeah.  Yeah. And in Portuguese, but we in our group, and in a Capoeira Angola, we start to include music from modern-cultural, African cultural traditions including lyrics in African language. BOURDAIN:  All the things that we look at as Brazilian, from outside looking in, the cuisine, samba, all of these things are very African in origin.  And this is kind of where that all started, yes?  I mean, I want to say it's the real Brazil.  Everyone looks at Rio as the postcard Brazil, but here it's really -- you feel it, those things. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  It has to do with this big concentration of Africans since the beginning of (inaudible).  It's different. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  If you say found yourself in Brazil and had a chance to hire a boat, head for the beach with a bunch of new friends, bring along a skilled mixologist, expertly who trained in the fine arts of caipirinha making, why wouldn't you?  Charge across the water, headed for a nice, quiet island, water up and sun come out behind dark clouds, right about now.  Sometimes cliches are cliches for a reason. Because they're good ideas to start with, which is why people keep looking for them and doing them over and over.   In a perfect world upon reaching said enchanted island, you jump into the warm Atlantic waters, and if you could, you would have a classic soundtrack to this adventure, like samba, for instance.  Splash around for a while, maybe enjoy a nice cold beer or two.  You truly have not taken a beach until a man has set up the caipirinha station.  Then you know the L.Z. is secure.  I love nature and caipirinha.  Oh what's going on here?  Caipirinha. Please.  Sweet.  This alone is an argument for the greatness of this country. And what goes great with caipirinha is on the beach?  How about some barbecue? (Inaudible) would show here by the way.  Someone has take it.  Please, (inaudible) don't eat me.  Look in your heart.  Don't eat me.  Oh, no.  Not my head. To complete the picture, maybe a large fish.  Maybe some crab.  You know, anytime you get your Chinese, your Brazilians and your Italians all agreeing on something, it's pretty clear it's a really good idea.  Everybody agrees that this complicated looking creature with all those troublesome shells is worth the work. So, you tear off the little limbs.  We'll get to you a little later, my friends.  Rip out the tail.  These are the lungs you don't want them.  Now, you've got all this nice fat in there.  Oh, yeah.  Now, we're getting to the claw.  Look at that.  Let's poke him out of there.  Oh, yeah.  This should do that little melon of goodness.  Like a celestial nipple.  When people started demanding boneless stuff like chicken without a bone or crab meat without the actual crab, or lazy lobster, that was the beginning of the erosion of our society as we know it.  If you're not willing to work for a payoff like this, how do you expect us to like fight Al-Qaeda, if you can't suck the meat out of a crab?  A character builder, and delicious.   And if your perfect day really did happen, you would probably let yourself be swept away.  By liquor, and good food, and gin clear water, while all around you, horny Brazilians, casually fondle each other, get all dozy and fall asleep. ANTHONY BOURDAIN, HOST:  A petri dish for talent, for culture, the great unknown.  Go look.  B.X. (ph), home again. I know you're a man who can help me.   Sometime in mid-19th century 1850s, my great-great-great-grandfather, Jean Bourdain, emigrated to South America.  He was reported to have died here; might have been a seeker of Utopian dreams.  You know, my aunt used to tell stories he was into arms smuggling or who knows, you know?  No idea.   (THEME SONG) BOURDAIN:  For most people, Paraguay is an empty space on the map of Latin America.  A country of only six million where a vast percentage of the land is steaming hot jungle or a huge scrub desert known simple as the Chaco.  Only a few large cities offer a respite from the impressive heat.   A thousand miles upriver from the Atlantic Ocean sits Asuncion, Paraguay's remote capitol city,  Known largely for being a post-war refuge for fleeing Nazis and a long line of extremely unpleasant dictators, this place, of all the places in the world, is where my great-great-great-grandfather, Jean Bourdain, disappeared without explanation sometime in the 1850s.   I'm told you're a man who can help me.   How do you do?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  May I call you Tony?   BOURDAIN:  Please.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  You're here for the first time in the country?  BOURDAIN:  First time in Paraguay, yes.   (voice-over):  Lido Bar in Asuncion has always been like the central switchboard.  A gathering place.  Ladies in orange vests cook and serve old-school Paraguayan working-class food to people from every walk of life.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  This place is very unique in Asuncion. BOURDAIN (on camera):  Yes?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I've been here for more than 50 years.   BOURDAIN:  All right.  Let's get something to eat.  I'm hungry. (voice-over):  Empanadas de carne: big envelopes of dough  , filled with beef, onion, and hard-cooked egg, deep fried to perfection. Cattle is the big business of this country.  It used to be cattle and smuggling.  These days it's still cattle and some smuggling.  You see a lot of beef is what I'm saying.   (on camera):  Oh, that's good. This country is a mystery to most people.  What little we know of the country generally comes from Nazis and Germans hiding in Paraguay from war crimes.  Do you think that's an undeserved reputation?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I don't think -- I don't think it's fair. Paraguay is a nice country.  A beautiful country.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Pedro is a private investigator, one of a team of people I sent out looking for the mysterious lost Bourdain.   (on camera):  What kind of investigations are you called upon to do?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Normally counterfeiting.  BOURDAIN:  This is sort of the counterfeiting capital of the world. In the old days it's said much of this counterfeiting had partners in the government.  Not so much anymore?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I'd rather don't -- don't answer that.  I mean, I'm -- I'm not a politician here, so...   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  General Alfredo Stroessner was the last of his kind in Paraguay.  Of German heritage, he ruled the country until 1989 with a quiet, Bavarian charm, but behind the scenes was another thing. Utilizing an outfit of S.S.-trained secret police referred to as the hairy footed ones, he tortured and tossed dissidents out of helicopters over the jungle.  The list goes on.  Under Stroessner, one in four Paraguayans is said to have cooperated, willingly or not, as paid informers on their fellow citizens.   (on camera):  It's quite a history in this country.  Crazy, tragic, violent.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Let me put it this way.  Things are changing, a lot.  And now things are getting (UNINTELLIGIBLE).   BOURDAIN:  Sometime in the mid-19th Century, 1850s, Jean Bourdain emigrated to South America, first in Argentina but apparently came here.  That's really almost all I know for sure.   Did he die by the sword?  Did he die of old age?  Did he die of syphilis?have no idea.  I'd like to know.  I would like to find a grave site.  That would be great.  You know, my  father died at 57.  His father in, I think, 20 -- in his 20s, I believe.  I'll be 58 in June.  I think I am the longest living male Bourdain in possibly ever.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  So you're lonely in the world?  BOURDAIN:  I am lonely in the world, yes.  If I could solve the mystery of the elusive Jean Bourdain it would make me very happy.   By the way, it would be terrific if you found out that he owned a huge ranch in the Chaco, and they've been waiting for his relatives to claim his property.  Maybe not.   I'm trying to make some sense of this country.  You've lived here how long?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I'm -- 22 years.  Too long maybe.  What a strange and nice country.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Go to Paraguay, find a German to show you around.  Not so crazy or unrepresentative.  People came to this country from everywhere to, as Emerson called it, make their own world.   (on camera):  Peter, I'm Tony. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Nice to meet you. BOURDAIN:  So what's good to eat here?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I suppose you want something Paraguay.   BOURDAIN:  Yes.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Bife Koygua (ph).  It's roast rice with fried beef with an egg on top.   BOURDAIN:  I'm there.  Good.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  And there's a soup whose name is Bori Bori that's very, very old Paraguayan stuff.  Little corn balls. BOURDAIN:  That looks good.  That looks very good.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  That's good, man.   I'm trying to make some sense of this country.  You lived here how long?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Twenty-two years.   BOURDAIN:  Why did you come here in the first place? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I was born in East Germany, and East Germany, that  means you would never go out.  Yes, and then in '89 the wall break down and you say, "Wow," you will go.   BOURDAIN:  I haven't seen anything of this country yet, but what I read was that the world's back water filled with bombed-out banks that had been looted, institutions that didn't work.  Everyone carried a gun.  It was like the wild west but poorer.  It's not that anymore?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  A bit of this is true.  I by myself got a .45 on my head last week.  That's pretty common stuff for me.   BOURDAIN:  Seldom in the history of the world have I seen any country where, one after the other, you've had absolutely the most maniacal, insane, suicidal group of piss-pot dictators century after century.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  You are right.  Even in the Stroessner times the better part of Paraguayans was behind him.  Paraguayans are very, very easy to influence.  And business, I believe, unchanged until a short time ago.  Now there is a growing middle class.  Better education than before and that makes the people say no.   BOURDAIN:  How was the soup?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I liked it, yes.  It was the way my wife cooks it. I like it better with chicken.  But chicken is more for Saturday.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Paraguay was a very poor country.  The Spaniards came because they thought there was a lot of silver in the area.  They found nothing, so they lost interest in Paraguay.   BOURDAIN:  This is the only country of Latin America where the indigenous language is the official language.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  They talk Guarani automatically.  I am married to a Paraguayan woman, and when her fathers come in they automatically talk Guarani, and I'm more or less out.   BOURDAIN:  A proudly mestizo society. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  Was it de Francia?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  El Supremo.   BOURDAIN:  El Supremo, got to love it.   (voice-over):  A nearly 200-year succession of dictators began in 1811 when Jose Gaspar Rodriguez de Francia declared himself El Supremo for life.  De Francia insisted Paraguay become a mestizo, mixed race society.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Paraguayans are neither Spanish nor Indians.  We are mestizos.  El Supremo forbid marriage between whites and whites. He produced mestizos by force. BOURDAIN:  Today 95 percent of Paraguayans are of mixed Spanish and Guarani blood.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  And we usually speak the two languages.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  Right.   This is the central market?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Mercado Quatro.   BOURDAIN:  Quatro.  This is the big one? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  The biggest one, the most popular one.   BOURDAIN:  I'm hungry.  What's good here?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  We opted for the soup from the mandi efish (ph). It's a little catfish.  And OK, the saying is that it makes man very powerful.   BOURDAIN:  Ah.   What's he got over there?  That looks good.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Gnocchi and stew.  There was a good Italian influence in Paraguay.  So maybe this stew comes from this side. Colonists from all over the world.   BOURDAIN:  So you invite them and give them the catfish stew?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Could you pass me the Sopa Paraguaya, the Paraguayan soup? BOURDAIN:  That soup? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  The soup is very unique.   Our dictator Lopez, his favorite soup was corn soup, and one day he ordered his favorite soup and the cook, when he opened the pot it was a cake.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Paraguay has not been noted for its history of kinder, gentler leaders.  In the 1800s, two generations of Lopez, father and son, one dictator after the other, certainly left their marks on this country.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Lopez was pretty much known that-- for putting a wrong stamp on a letter, you get shot.  So the cook didn't want to get shot.  He showed up in front of Lopez and said, "This is Paraguayan soup, Sopa Paraguayan," and the dictator ate it and he liked it.  And a bit later the entire country eat it.   BOURDAIN:  So it's cheesy cornbread?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  Awesome.  Good meal.   So this was the house or one of the houses of the notorious Madam Lynch.   GUIDO RODRIGUEZ ALCALA, JOURNALIST/POET/AUTHOR:  Right.  Exactly.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Journalist, poet, and author Guido Rodriguez Alcala has written books on Paraguay's history.   BOURDAIN:  Now who exactly was Madam lynch.  A murky background, would you say?  ALCALA:  There's talk about that.  Somebody say she was a great woman or that she was a very evil one.   BOURDAIN:  She came over on the famous trip from France.   ALCALA:  Right.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Succeeding de Francia in 1840s, Lopez Sr. reversed many of Paraguay's isolationist policies.  He invited foreigners to settle here and built one of South America's first railways, its steam engines taken out of service only a few years ago. And he sent his son, Francisco Solano Lopez, to Europe.   (on camera):  His mission, his father sent him out to get, what, arms?  ALCALA:  Arms and technicians, engineers and machinery.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Junior, by most contemporary accounts, was an idiot.   (on camera):  So he came back with a mistress, Madam lynch.   ALCALA:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  Which dad wasn't too happy about? ALCALA:  Right.   He was very traditional and wanted his son to marry a Paraguayan woman and do everything by the book.   BOURDAIN:  Right. (voice-over):  Paraguay's soon-to-be first mistress, Madam Eliza Lynch, was the already-married daughter of an Irish doctor. Ambitious, social climbing, fond of nice things.   ALCALA:  Clothes imported from France.  They say she brought the Paraguayans the (UNINTELLIGIBLE).  And there were parties here.   He showed Madam Lynch to his father and his father was upset, so she was put aside.  And... BOURDAIN:  Kept as a mistress.   ALCALA:  And that was the way Paraguayan society tried to treat her, and she wanted to be treated as the...  BOURDAIN:  Princess?  ALCALA:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  Tell me about Madam Lynch's famous boat trip.   (voice-over):  On one of her more notorious adventures as hostess, Madam Lynch organized a grand outing to the new French colony at Nouveau Bordeaux.   (on camera):  She invited all of society to join her.   ALCALA:  Right.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  A magnificent river steamer was engaged for the party.   ALCALA:  And well, there were some issues between the Paraguayan ladies and Madam Lynch.   BOURDAIN:  Once on board, as the story goes, those mean bitches treated their hostess like so much trash.   ALCALA:  And so she got upset and threw over board all of the food which they were supposed to eat.   BOURDAIN:  She had it all thrown in the river?  ALCALA:  Yes.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Then she ordered the captain to stop the boat and let her guests just sit there in that jungle heat for hours.   (on camera):  Throwing tubs of caviar and whole roasted pigs into the river in front of these starving aristocrats?  Somehow that pleases me.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  Going back to the very beginnings, various groups with stars in their eyes came here seeking to create a utopia along ideological lines, a Mennonite paradise.  Repopulate Latin America with Aryan Germans.  British, Italians, I mean, you had everybody.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.   It started with the Jesuit colonies. BOURDAIN:  New Bordeaux.   I had a great-great-great-grandfather come over to Paraguay around the 1850s.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Right.   BOURDAIN:  Might have been, himself, a seeker of some kind of utopian dreams.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  They were originally from France?  BOURDAIN:  From France, yes.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  What city?  Do you know?  BOURDAIN:  My great-great-grandfather was from near Bordeaux.  So I'm curious about this whole episode of the settlement of Nouveau Bordeaux.   (voice-over):  The Paraguay River still, as it was 150 years ago, the country's main artery.  A thoroughfare for transporting people and goods.   (on camera):  So who lives out there?  All the people we see fishing on the river banks, are they fishing for dinner?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Most of them are fishing for dinner.  They call them poor (ph) people.  But what it's for, they decide by themselves to live here.  They could go to Asuncion and start working on a construction place tomorrow.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Peter has organized a trip up river to see New Bordeaux, what was hoped would be a new France in the Chaco.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  The fish we bought today, 14 kilo, that's half a month's salary, and you get with a bit of good luck in one night.   BOURDAIN:  Right.   (voice-over):  Outside of the cities Paraguay is, of course, sparsely populated.  Indigenous groups, a few settled Europeans, Mennonites, Germans and very so often, a fishing lure and shotgun salesman.   (on camera):  Peter, what are the shotguns for?  Bandits?  Varmints? What?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  To hunt deer and water pig.   BOURDAIN:  That's a peacemaker.   Any rogue Nazis we can shoot now?  (voice-over):  I am tempted by the offer of a cheap shotgun for sale. Figures Peter would know this guy, but reason wins out.   (on camera):  I don't think we're going to buy a shotgun today.   Me, fear, shotgun, hot sunny day, a producer.  That's not a good mix.   (voice-over):  Unlike Madam Lynch's guests, I'm making damn sure I'm eating on this boat trip.   (on camera):  The most important part of any meal.  Cold, frosty beverages.  I started early.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Cheers.   BOURDAIN:  Cheers.   Here we go.  Thank you.  A little fish and a mango salsa.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  You have the two most appreciated fish here on the table of Paraguay.  That's the catfish torabi (ph).   BOURDAIN:  And that's the...  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  That's the Dorado.  The golden fish. BOURDAIN:  Oh, the Dorado, of course.  Yes.  Ooh, that's tasty.  Ooh, that's nice.   So I'm curious about this whole episode of the settlement of Nouveau Bordeaux.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  There came about 400 people.  There were supposed to be about 1,000.  They were supposed to be most of them farmers. But just 86 were farmers.   BOURDAIN:  Who were the other people?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  They were tailors.  They were shoemakers. Musicians. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Teachers and artists.  And they were put in the jungle and left by himself.   BOURDAIN:  Right.  Why here of all of the places in the world?  People talk about the Chaco as a hell.  I mean, it's hot here -- it's dry, it's red, (inaudible), it's difficult.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  You have all the mosquitoes.  You have all the ticks (inaudible). BOURDAIN:  A flatland of cactus and thorns and misery and cannibals (ph).   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  There were the Indians, the Guajaguru (ph) coming down the river and killing everybody.  There was the Lengua (ph), who, if you enter their country, you are good food.   BOURDAIN:  Did the Paraguayans ever see this as a utopia?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  No, I'm sure not.   What we have (inaudible). BOURDAIN:  That?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  This.   BOURDAIN:  Wow.  That's kind of not how I pictured it.  Doesn't look like Bordeaux to me.   There's nothing much left of Nouveau Bordeaux.  I'm told a small museum of artifacts.  The site where the colony once briefly existed is now called Viahars (ph).  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  (inaudible) money for each settler.   BOURDAIN:  Perhaps there was a communication breakdown somewhere and he might have told the Paraguayans I'm bringing you the finest farmers France has to offer.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Right.  BOURDAIN:  And he might have told these Frenchmen, oh, they're going to give you free property.  You don't have to do anything.  You'll live like kings.  Just reach up in the trees and fruit and gold bars are dropping.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  In fact, they were thrown out on the coast and say, here you are.  That's your land.  Go ahead.   BOURDAIN:  These poor French guys show up.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Right.   BOURDAIN:  Lopez Sr. and the government kept their side of the bargain.  They provided them with houses, equipment.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes, right.  Tours and animals and everything.   BOURDAIN:  Needs to have one of these.  Makes pressed sandwiches, I think.  And that's it.  Dig, grow.   The settlers quickly discovered that farming is hard work, and that the conditions in the Chaco (ph) in no way resembled the New France of their dreams.   That's a big snake.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  So they get broke and they decide to leave the colony.   BOURDAIN:  How many French were left at the end of the New Bordeaux experiment?  Did any stay?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Some of them but few.   BOURDAIN:  Any thoughts or hopes that Jean Bourdain ended his life here, leaving me a vast unclaimed stake in what is now prime cattle country turns quickly to dust.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  So you guys have some information perhaps on the elusive Jean Bourdain, I hear?   I don't know what he did here.  Of course I'm hoping for something extremely glamorous.  A river pirate, a gun runner, drug smuggler. Maybe he died in the saddle.  Maybe he died happy.  Maybe he was like Colonel Kurtz, living out in the bush, surrounded by adoring indigenous women.  I don't know.  You know, if he was a masseur for Madam Lynch, I guess I would be let down.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I had contact with another historians and genealogists around the world, and the history of your family is very interesting.   BOURDAIN:  Oh, really?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  Okay.   Interesting.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes, your family, your grandfather Jean Bourdain came to Montevideo following the sun (ph).   BOURDAIN:  Okay, the facts as I know them so far, I think are this. My great, great, granddad, Jean, his son also named Jean, came to Montevideo, Uruguay, to live with his uncle.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  1850, Jean Bourdain moves to Asuncion.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  This is the document that we have showing him arriving.   BOURDAIN:  There he is.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  In that time, he worked with a chapelier (ph).  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  With a hat maker.   BOURDAIN:  A hat maker?  I'm pretty sure he said hat maker, which I have to say disappoints me, like a lot.  The whole elusive wing of mysterious South American Bourdains were "Project Runway" contestants of their day?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  In 1855 Lopez's son arrives to Asuncion.   BOURDAIN:  Right.  With Madam Lynch.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  With Madam Lynch.  BOURDAIN:  Madam Lynch was fond of things like French couture.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes, yes, and that changed the way of dress in Asuncion. BOURDAIN:  Madam Lynch might have been good for business.   I'm trying to put this in a light I can be enthusiastic about.  Like how clearly forward thinking my relatives were.   His customers, as a hat maker.  The very people that treated Madam Lynch with such utter contempt, did they live in the colonial homes? The old mansions that we see still in Asuncion, that type of residence?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  Times were changing in South America too in those days. Society ladies craved the latest au courant French fashion.  There was money to be made.   I'm bummed.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  After this episode with the New Bordeaux group came the Triple Alliance War.   BOURDAIN:  Jean Bourdain died in 1858.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.  Before.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It was a good time to die, because this way he wouldn't have had to join this horrible war.   BOURDAIN:  He missed the war?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.   The old Lopez died.  The young Lopez got in power.   BOURDAIN:  Our man becomes president.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes, Francisco Lopez.   BOURDAIN:  Absolutely the most maniacal, megomaniacal piss pot (ph) dictator.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  You're right.   BOURDAIN:  He was rather unkind to his siblings.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  His two brothers were tortured and killed, and the sisters were jailed.  Taken into tiger cages.   BOURDAIN:  Tiger cages.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Tiger cages.  And the mother was given some beating.   BOURDAIN:  Right. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  60-something. BOURDAIN:  The 60 something-year-old mother was flogged and beaten in front of him.  Not a nice man.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  He believed that he had a chance to get married with the daughter of the emperor of Brazil.   BOURDAIN:  That's right.  He was refused in very unflattering terms.   Thanks presumably to Lopez Jr.'s expansionist ambitions, he dragged Paraguay into the Triple Alliance War.   He essentially challenged all three neighbors.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Brazil, Argentina and Uruguay.   BOURDAIN:  To war.   This doesn't seem like a good idea.   (LAUGHTER) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yeah. BOURDAIN:  In what would become the bloodiest war in Latin America's history, hundreds of thousands of Paraguayans died.  When Lopez ran out of adults, he sent children into the field, dressed only in rags, armed with sticks painted to look like guns.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  My great grandfather was a 10-year-old boy, and he was dressed like a girl (ph) because otherwise he was going to be enrolled into the army.   BOURDAIN:  Lopez eventually was hunted down.  Madam Lynch survived.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.  She survived. BOURDAIN:  But with her money, I mean, was she allowed to keep her possessions?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  In history it's hard to find a more disastrous or more cruel or a pointless campaign, it would seem.   When all was said and done, as much as 60 percent of the population and 90 percent of the men of this country were dead.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  The survivors were just like 50,000 or 40,000 people.   So that's why you could easily understand why there was nothing here for 100 years.   BOURDAIN:  Jean Bourdain dies here?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.  Before the (inaudible). UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  An adult natural of France by the name of Juan Bourdain.   BOURDAIN:  Right.  Cause of death?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Not specified here.   BOURDAIN:  Is there a grave site?   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  We're looking.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  We are looking for it.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  So I'm hungry.  I'm really hungry.   You know you want it.  It's late.  You've had a few.  No, you had a lot.  You want something greasy, savory, juicy and nasty.   This is it.  Palentiveri lavido (ph). UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Right.  That's what today's people eat in the streets of Asuncion.   BOURDAIN:  An egg, a little runny please.  Some kind of meat, like beef patty thing.  Throw on your lettuce and tomato.  Two sauces -- no idea what they are, and frankly don't care.  Soy sauce I think too. Of course, because, yes.  And like the ruins of ancient Troy, egg on top of cheese on top of meat.  Now get in my stomach now.   Sandwich is awesome.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Awesome good. BOURDAIN:  Good awesome.  All my greasy meat dreams have come true, that's good.  And at the last moment, the last thing I give a steaming loaf about anymore is my long dead relatives -- I mean, I am over it. Here comes news of the big breakthrough.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I talked with the historian and he said it looks like your great grandfather, what he was merchandising, it was definitely not hats.   BOURDAIN:  Really?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  We have here Jean Bourdain.   BOURDAIN:  Right.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  And what is he bringing?  200 boxes of fireworks. BOURDAIN:  Fireworks?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Fireworks. BOURDAIN:  Like fire crackers?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  There is not even more than 200 or 300 wealthy families who sometimes in a birthday would crack a little bit.   BOURDAIN:  So are you suggesting something untoward?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Weapons.   BOURDAIN:  Weapons?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  He was a merchant of death?  Awesome.  You know, my aunt always said he was a gun runner.  We figured she was full of shit.  I mean, she also said she was in the Resistance, you know, but everybody in France said that.   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  So, arms?  So was he ever a hat-maker? Or was that just a cover job?  Was he a hat maker/arms? Are all these local researchers, historians and geniuses on the money here?  Was great great great grampy an arms dealer?   What hat makers needs 200 tons of gun powder?  I've got you now, Jean Bourdain.  I've got you now.   Or was he simply a party supplier, selling fine French hats and little firecrackers to school kids?  I don't know what to believe.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  And in '58, unfortunately, he died.   BOURDAIN:  Right.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  And he was buried, here, two miles from here, in La Coletta (ph), the rich people's cemetery.  We can pretty well say on which area he remains.   He is there.   BOURDAIN:  Wow.  Well, I guess we'll have to go look, huh?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Definitely.  Yeah. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  Sorry, little buddy.  There's no escaping it.  Paraguay loves their beef.  It's a perfect ratio, a lot of meat, little bit of vegetables.  Oh, whoa, that's good.   This is the Via Stanzia Corrarodeo (ph), a sprawling ranch bigger than some of the countries I've traveled to, and it's been in the family going all the way back to the Triple Alliance War.   Hard life?  Or a good life? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  No, we are pretty happy.  We have everything.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  20 years ago, the (inaudible) was not used.  In the last years, it's booming.   BOURDAIN:  Where does the boom come from?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  We are the second biggest soybean exporter, the eighth biggest cattle exporter.  Paraguay feeds the entire world for eight days a year.   BOURDAIN:  How many acres?   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  100,000.   BOURDAIN:  100,000 hectares. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Barbecue has to be included -- (CROSSTALK)  BOURDAIN:  Toriso morsia (ph), I could eat this all day.  And I will.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  With (ph) barbecue.  You are complete.   (LAUGHTER) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It's good.   BOURDAIN:  Mmm, that's awesome.  So were there a lot of vegetarians in this part of Paraguay?   (LAUGHTER) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  There comes the what is for the Paraguayans the highlight.   BOURDAIN:  Oh, look at that.  Pretty.  Beef short ribs are amazing. Mmm, so good.   All of the books I read about Paraguay are maybe 15 years old.  And like the first advice is, everybody has a gun, buy a gun.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN:  This was not the Paraguay I expected at all.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It's different.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  He wants to sing a song for you.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  A welcome song.  To the foreign people. (MUSIC) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It says -- it not says "welcome, stranger."  It says "welcome, brother stranger."   BOURDAIN:  Jean Bourdain who died here in Asuncion was my great great great grandfather.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  This old cemetery.  La Coletta (ph). UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  It seems most likely that he was buried there.   BOURDAIN:  Nobody I know.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It's very, very likely that the tomb was just overbuilt.   BOURDAIN:  Right.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Something on top. (MUSIC) ANTHONY BOURDAIN, HOST (on camera):  This is a good place to both experience fantasy and reality.  The air, explosives and food?  You can't beat that.  So you just stand here in the street, and random strangers bring you delicious foods.  It's a great country.   (MUSIC) (Voice-over):  Colombia.  Ordinarily and, for all too many years, when this country makes the news or appears in a film or television drama, it's not for its looks, which are, I should say right up front, spectacular.  It's not for its people who are, everyone I've ever met, anyway, warm, proud, generous and fun.  Or for its food, which is truly great.   (On camera):  I don't know what this is, but it's good.  Food in this country is excellent.   (Voice-over):  I'm no stranger to this place.  Generally speaking, it's a particularly vibrant mix of Spanish, European, Afro-Caribbean, and indigenous people.  These are deep waters, my friends, that no news story or episode of "Miami Vice" has ever come close to navigating.   It is and always has been a fiercely, fiercely proud country, and its people yearn to see international coverage of something other than cocaine and violence, but that isn't a legacy that's easy to ignore.   Its decades of civil unrest have left vast swaths of Colombia relatively unknown, even to its own citizens.  To reach a place previously considered a no-go area, I'll fly out of an airport in Villavicencio, 45 miles southeast of the capital city of Bogota.   On first inspection, this is an airplane bone yard, where unwanted props from "Romancing the Stone" corrode artfully.  But in reality, this sleepy hangar is an important gateway to the more impenetrable parts of the country.  The remote settlements in the Amazon basin are cut off from the country, with neither rail nor roads connecting them. There are only two ways in, either boat for several days downriver, or aboard a jungle bus, which is what locals call the World War II era DC-3.   (On camera):  I've flown worse.   (Voice-over):  I've been brought here by Pablo Mora, a teacher at Medellin University and a particular enthusiast for this classic of golden age aviation.  (On camera):  You've taken this flight before?   PABLO MORA, MEDELLIN UNIVERSITY:  Yes, every time I have a chance I come here and fly one.  It's a romantic thing.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  He sees the work that these hulking great airships and their pilots do, as daredevil humanitarian missions for the more remote Colombians.   (On camera):  They have an in-flight movie?   MORA:  No, no, no.  Nor first class either.   BOURDAIN:  What?   MORA:  No, no.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  The planes travel with their own mechanic to cobble together anything that might go wrong.  And stuff can go wrong. The risk is that we'll be able to land but not take off again, so this guy is our return ticket out of the jungle.   Our captain is Joaquin San Clement, something of a legend in these parts, and his copilot, Captain Costanza Reyes.   MORA:  It's mystical.  You know, and they develop this sensibility with the plane.  There's no "Intel Inside" here.  There's no software. They have GPS, but that's about it.  It's beautiful, you know, they have to sense everything.  They know when the sound of the plane is not right.  It's just man and machine.   BOURDAIN:  The weather is the big unknown around here.  It's changeable enough to ground planes in remote places if they hang around for too long.  We have to make one stop on the way to pick up more cargo.  Vital cargo, by the way.   The land we're passing over is beautiful and lush.  But the life of those below has been anything but.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Colombia seems to be trapped in a vicious circle.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  FARC has used the territory as a haven for kidnapping and drug --   BOURDAIN:  Until recently most of the news coming out of this part of Colombia was not good.  It was a front line in the war on drugs, for lack of a better term, and Colombia's long struggle with the FARC, a Marxist guerrilla force financed by drug trafficking, kidnapping and covert assistance from Venezuela.   Fifty years of a very dirty war.  The stakes not about drugs per se, but about the ability of ordinary Colombians to live without fear.   We land in the jungle outpost of Miraflores in the southern province of (INAUDIBLE) in the Amazonian Forest Reserve.  The heavy presence of army and special police is a result of its strategic location and recent history as a one-time center of cocoa production.   Farmers here would grow the stuff and make leaves into paste. Traffickers would come and buy it.  The FARC had this area under its sphere of influence for years.  Nine years ago, the government moved to expel the FARC, the traffickers and any paramilitaries, with apparently much success.  Overnight, however, its population shrank by 85 percent.  And what remains struggles to survive.   (On camera):  So people here, you're telling me, they were born here? Or --   MORA:  Most of the people came from elsewhere.  In the beginning, in the 1950s and '60s, they were -- they were escaping from the violence, from the political violence between the two parties in Colombia.   BOURDAIN:  So if you were having problems in the city or wherever you were from, you came out here?   MORA:  Yes.  Yes.  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  So what did you do for a living out here?   MORA:  Cattle and doing some other agriculture, and after that the drug trade, I think, began and everything with the coco plantations.   BOURDAIN:  The climate is good for it?   MORA:  Yes, it's very good.  And since 1999, there was no police or army force here, so it was just occupied by the FARC.  And then by the farmers who tried to --   BOURDAIN:  Yes.   MORA:  So that's when the real violence began.   BOURDAIN:  So really the problems in this country preexisted the drug trade?   MORA:  What we say here is that the drug trade just made everything more.  There's no judge here.  There's few institutions here.   BOURDAIN:  Right.   MORA:  Basically you know that the state is here just because the army is here.  So I think you're going to meet the major.   BOURDAIN:  Yes.   MORA:  Anthony, this is the major.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Julio Cesar Gonzalez is the current mayor of Miraflores, which has seen much better and much worse days.   (On camera):  How many people live in this town?   MORA:  Around 1500 to 2,000 in the municipality.  The FARC were in here for 20 years.  And they were the central authority here.   BOURDAIN:  You're running a subsystems farm (INAUDIBLE) plantains and not much else?  Not even particularly well, you know, you're not particularly happy with the government, somebody comes along and offers you a nice machine gun and a cool scarf.   MORA:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  Especially if you're 15, 16 years old.   MORA:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  That's a pretty attractive option.   MORA:  Of course it is.   BOURDAIN:  And even if they say you'll probably be dead by the time you're 25.   MORA:  It is.   BOURDAIN:  Come on.   MORA:  It is.  And they offer you a salary.   BOURDAIN:  So what is the future of this town?   JULIO CESAR GONZALEZ, MAYOR:  There are various programs from the state.  Now with the creation of the Department of Social Prosperity. One that is called Youth in Action that supports them with education.   MORA:  They're providing free education and there's a lot of potential in biodiversity and ecotourism as well.   BOURDAIN:  What our people say is without the customer, there's no -- there's no cocaine trade and there's no violence, right?  So if the United States and Europe stopped buying cocaine?   MORA:  That's so impossible.  I can't think about it.  About the situation where the demand is not going to be there.   BOURDAIN:  But the demand in the states is down 40 percent.   MORA:  As long as there is a market, there will be people ready to do it.   BOURDAIN:  The United States spends how many billions of dollars a year paying for guns and uniforms, training, et cetera.  Where should they be spending it?   MORA:  I would say the health is very important, but more important is to end the war on drugs.  It just -- it doesn't work.   BOURDAIN:  Here's my problem.  If crack didn't exist, I would have no -- I would absolutely agree with you, but as a former coke addict and as a former crackhead --  MORA:  Yes.  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  That is a problem.   MORA:  The thing is that people think that if you think that drugs should be legalized, you're saying that they're good.  No, they're not saying that, but just -- we're just getting rid of one problem.  The problem that the major has here.   (CROSSTALK) BOURDAIN:  You're freeing up a lot of money that you could divert to this.   MORA:  Yes, we have two problems.   BOURDAIN:  I'm with you.  I agree.   MORA:  One is drug addiction and the other is drug trafficking.  We can get rid of one, we're not going to get rid of the other.  We have to deal with it forever.   BOURDAIN:  It's a beautiful country.  The people here are -- from what I've been is really nice, even the bad guys are charming.   MORA:  Yes.  Yes.  That is true.   BOURDAIN:  The food is delicious.  The problem is the United States will never legalize drugs.  It will never happen.  It's a complicated issue.   MORA:  Yes, yes.   BOURDAIN:  So the good people of this town could thank us for bringing their --   MORA:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  -- fresh supply of coca.  Cerveza, OK.   The thing now, gentlemen, it was really our pleasure.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Bogota, the country's capital and an almost two-mile-high city with new lofty food ambitions, where previously a restaurant scene didn't really exist.  Now young restaurateurs such as musician-turns-chef Tomas Rueda are beginning to make a name for themselves in Colombia.   THOMAS RUEDA, CHEF:  This is (INAUDIBLE).  It's one of the biggest markets in Bogota.  I love this place.  It's very beautiful.  The colors.  My mom comes here to buy flowers, my grandma also.   BOURDAIN:  Did I mention that this city is over 8,000 feet up?  Hence the altitude sickness I'm feeling.  Not good.  Tomas comes here a few times a week for an early breakfast, which I'm hoping will make me feel better.  Paloquemao market has been running in one form or another since the 1940s.   (On camera):  This place is huge.   RUEDA:  You want some juice?   BOURDAIN:  Yes.  What do you have?   RUEDA:  I love orange juice with carrots.   BOURDAIN:  It's probably the healthiest thing I've had in a while.   RUEDA:  Good for the high altitude.   BOURDAIN:  Yes.   RUEDA:  This is better?   BOURDAIN:  I'm feeling better every hour.   RUEDA:  Yes?   BOURDAIN:  The first hour is killing me.   RUEDA:  But you have a better face.   BOURDAIN:  I didn't think I was going to make it out of the airport.   (LAUGHTER) RUEDA:  Most of the mornings, early in the mornings, 5:00 to 6:00 in the morning, I climb the mountain.   BOURDAIN:  Why?   RUEDA:  Fresh air.   BOURDAIN:  OK.   RUEDA:  You have to come with me.   BOURDAIN:  Hell no.  Ain't happening.   RUEDA:  You want to taste some arepa?  This arepa is made with corn. It's fantastic, I love it.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Tucked away in the back corner of the fish market is a place that serves breakfast to the market's workers and shoppers.  We're talking beef short ribs simmered in an oily broth with potatoes, salt and scallions.  Tomas swears by this stuff, a traditional breakfast soup from the Andean region.   RUEDA:  Good table.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  OK.  Gracias.  RUEDA:  Would you like chile?   BOURDAIN:  I do.  Yes.  Now we're talking.   RUEDA:  This is perfect.  When you have a good party last night.   BOURDAIN:  I was just going to say, this is hangover food.   RUEDA:  Perfect.   BOURDAIN:  I know hangover food well and this is good.  There's good meat in there.   RUEDA:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  Good broth.   RUEDA:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  The stock is good.  So what is this dish called?   RUEDA:  Beef stock.  Caldo de Costilla.   BOURDAIN:  Broth -- rib broth.   RUEDA:  Yes, it's rib.   BOURDAIN:  Rib broth.   RUEDA:  Yes.  With potatoes, of course.  Everything with potatoes.   BOURDAIN:  Caldo de Costilla con tatos.   RUEDA:  Costilla con tatos.  Very good Spanish.   BOURDAIN:  I don't speak Spanish.  I speak a little Mexican.   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Bogota.  Back in the '90s, a very dangerous and violent place to be.  Today, not so much.  Today in my repeated experiences here, kind of awesome.  La Candelaria is the recently renovated old city where I meet up with Hector Abad.  Distinguished author and one of the most important and supremely talented writers in Latin America.   Hector's recent work, a memoir called "Oblivion" is about his father who was killed for his outspoken attempts to change things for the better.   (On camera):  So, first of all, where are we?   HECTOR ABAD, AUTHOR:  Puerta Falsa.  This is a place where many Bogotans come to eat something in the middle of the morning or in the middle of the afternoon.  BOURDAIN (voice-over):  The tamales here are made with chicken and  pork belly combined with vegetables, rice and masa, wrapped in a banana leaf and slow cooked for hours.  This place has been serving chocolate completo to the politicians of nearby Plaza Bolivar for a couple of hundred years.   ABAD:  Here are the tamales.   BOURDAIN:  It's beautiful.  It is a thing of beauty, isn't it?   ABAD:  Let's see if it tastes like my mother's.   BOURDAIN:  That's a high standard.   ABAD:  I suppose it is now.   BOURDAIN:  I was just in Miraflores yesterday.   ABAD:  Yes?   BOURDAIN:  What economy there was was entirely drug-based economy.  I mean, now that the drugs are gone, there is no economy.  It's a ghost town.  It's a military and people sitting there staring at the space waiting for the beer to arrive.  Best I can understand.   Tell me something hopeful.   ABAD:  I think we are becoming more and more conscious that this past decades of violence have been absolutely useless, and that we have to change many, many, many things .  So -- I think -- it's not as good as my mother's.  I'm sorry.   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  Well, it never is.  If you removed cocaine from the equation, if you removed the drug trade as a financial engine, you would still have serious divisions over ideology here.  Is that improving?   ABAD:  Things are changing in a good direction, but very slowly, I think.  You know, 10 years ago in Medellin they killed 7,500 people every year.  And three years ago this number came to 700 people killed in Medellin in the year.  So the situation has changed.   BOURDAIN:  Right.   ABAD:  I have only questions, I have no answers.  I'm so sorry.  If I were the president, I really I -- I don't know what --   BOURDAIN:  You would know what to do?   ABAD:  No, I wouldn't.  I wouldn't.   BOURDAIN:  To suggest that a nation should expand its social services, do its best to lift people out of poverty, to provide medical care for everyone, as you well know, that may be in the minds of many as the same as (INAUDIBLE).  Are those as dangerous and potentially deadly ideas as they used to be?   ABAD:  Well, 25 years ago my father was killed just because he was asking for these basic things like clean water, a glass of milk, and an arepa for every child.  That was -- we still don't have that and we need that.  Now we in Colombia, maybe we are trying.  I think there are some people here even in the government who are working for that.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Bogota is the largest city in Colombia and the economic heart of the country.  About a fifth of the population lives here.  Many of them very well, but some not so well.   It's a city with a marked north/south divide.  Chef Tomas Rueda's Tabula and Donostia restaurants sit side by side in the Macarena neighborhood where the city center meets the north.   The lunch Tomas is serving us here at Tabula is defined more by high quality fundamentals, than by high concept theories.  If there's a theme here, it's the ingredient this good, meticulously prepared, are the essence of great eating.   (On camera):  It's a beautiful space.  So how's the restaurant business in Bogota?   RUEDA:  It's a very good business.  A lot of people with money, they don't know how to cook.   BOURDAIN:  Nobody cooks at home.  Maybe their cook does.  So they eat out a lot?   RUEDA:  Yes.  It's a new part of our culture.  Everybody wants to go to restaurants.   BOURDAIN:  So 10 years ago, 15 years ago, what?  Traditional casual food?   RUEDA:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  A few fine dining, you know, white tablecloths, serve, what, French or continental or Italian?  But this is new.   RUEDA:  It's a new stuff, it's a new business, it's a new world. There's two great bodies from Colombia food, the mixture of the culture, yes?   BOURDAIN:  Right.   RUEDA:  Black people, Indian people, white people.  That mixture is beautiful.  And the other one is all of this region of the mountains, all the valleys, all the rivers, all the sea, we are like a big farm, a beautiful farm to send all these products to the world.  I believe more in a beautiful carrot than a great recipe, yes?   BOURDAIN:  Right.   RUEDA:  This one is crop salad.   BOURDAIN:  Right.   RUEDA:  And this one is our homemade pasta.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Thin sheets of handmade pasta are filled with Labneh cheese and finished with a chorizo sauce.   (Voice-over):  So you used to be in a band?  You used to be a musician?   RUEDA:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  Right?   RUEDA:  I'm still.   BOURDAIN:  Still.   RUEDA:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  So what happened?  How did you go from music to restaurants?   RUEDA:  Rock and roll don't give me money.   BOURDAIN:  Good.   RUEDA:  This is good.  Yes.  It's really good.   BOURDAIN:  It's great that business is good because generally speaking, the only worse idea that I think I'll try to make a living making music is I think I'll make a living by opening a restaurant.   Let's see why that's so popular?  Good stuff.   RUEDA:  Thank you, Tony.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Tomas' take on Osso Bucco uses beef shank instead of veal which is braised over cubed vegetables, wine and broth in a wood-fired oven.   (On camera):  Whoa, it's -- it's huge.  Yes.  (INAUDIBLE).  Yes.   RUEDA:  You don't need a knife.  Only with a spoon.   BOURDAIN:  You're right.   (LAUGHTER) RUEDA:  Sorry.   BOURDAIN:  Do you cure this first in salt or --   RUEDA:  No.   BOURDAIN:  Dry it?  Salt it?   RUEDA:  No.   BOURDAIN:  Just fresh -- you know, the --   RUEDA:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  Delicious.  So you'd never get this off your menu.  You'll have to keep this on your menu forever, right?   RUEDA:  Forever.   BOURDAIN:  Yes.  This is --   RUEDA:  The best part.   BOURDAIN:  Mama didn't raise no fool.   (Voice-over):  Santiago De Cali or just Cali, as everybody calls it in these parts, is a city in the southwest of Colombia known for its proximity to the Pacific Coast and its semitropical temperatures, but I'm not really here for the climate.  I'm here for tejo.  It involves alcohol and explosives.   Colombian Mario Gallino, ex-pat, Will Holland, and their band mates are to be my guide to this ancient and traditional Colombian sport.   (On camera):  How do you play this game?  I guess that's how it's done.  What do you call this object?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  El tejo.   BOURDAIN:  El tejo.  Hence the name of the --   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Exactly.  Tejo.   BOURDAIN:  I should be good at this.  I've been throwing pots into the dish sink from across the room for years.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  You win more points if you get in the middle without hitting anything.   BOURDAIN:  Oh.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  But that doesn't sound like any fun.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Everyone has a different style, it seems.  So you've got to do like one and then another, and swing.   BOURDAIN:  I don't think that style is going to work for me.   (Voice-over):  After some more or less success it turns out we all pretty much suck at this.   (On camera):  Not enough beer.  That's my problem.   (Voice-over):  Time to bring in some outside muscle.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  We're going to mix in now the experts.   BOURDAIN:  Who am I with?  I'm over here with these guys.  Whoa.   (CROSSTALK) Holy crap, two in a row?  This is (INAUDIBLE).  No, wait.  One of those guys had to be on my team, right?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  So the guy in the white striped shirt.  His name is El Pollo Viejo, which is --   BOURDAIN:  The old chicken.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  The old chicken.   BOURDAIN:  I need a poultry name.  He's calling himself the old chicken.  I should be the enormous cock.  The chicken dude is killing it.  Yes, he's -- every time.  That's what I'm talking about.  But I wanted something to blow up.   (Voice-over):  Tejo is hungry work.  But the kitchen here is up to the challenge, making a Colombian picata.  This is a huge selection of fried pork, pork rib, steak, casava, potatoes, and deep-fried plantain.   (On camera):  I smelt food.  Oh, thank you.  Oh, that's good.  A beer, explosives and food?  Can't beat that.  Yes.  Yes.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  If Bogota is Colombia's financial heart, then Cali is its shaking hips.  People here like their music.  My tejo buddies Mario and Will are the founders of a collective called On the Tropica.  Their idea was to reinterpret the tropical music heritage of Colombia.  What often sounds like salsa in style is actually Cumbia. If there's one type of music that can be classified as distinctly Colombian, this is it.   Cumbia draws on the music of the African indigenous and European mix that makes up the country.  So Will and Mario created something a long way from the pop music that's a staple here.  They brought together musicians who had been famous on the Cumbia seen in the '50s and '60s, and matched them up with younger counterparts.   As if the impressive amount of fried meat we ate at the tejo courts wasn't enough, we go for dinner at one of the band's favorite spots.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  The recording that we made for three weeks in Medellin, had 42 musicians so it's a big sort of ensemble.  And there were musicians from, what, I think the youngest was 25, maybe, and the oldest was maybe 82.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  Old school and new school mix?   (CROSSTALK) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes, that was the idea so we can meet -- not only doing music, but like also exchanging lots of like information about how music was made, how music was recorded.   BOURDAIN:  Right.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  What was the spirit of the music.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  So that's the ideas, is to get back to the roots.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  First up, the Cali version of ceviche.  Cooked shrimp lathered in mayonnaise, ketchup and Worstershire sauce. Essentially a '70s shrimp cocktail.  Native to the mangroves in the Pacific Coast, the (INAUDIBLE) is a staple used in everything from tamales to stews.   (On camera):  Cooked rice, and like Guancha, not a clam --   (CROSSTALK) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  The mollusk.   BOURDAIN:  It's not a clam.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It's like a rock mollusk pretty much.   BOURDAIN:  It's delicious.  Wow.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  So this is like Palau, very Pacific, this is pago rojo, like red snapper.  Steamed shrimp.   BOURDAIN:  Very cool.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  And some nice green tomatoes.  They always find (INAUDIBLE) everywhere.   BOURDAIN:  (INAUDIBLE) is --   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Plantain.   (CROSSTALK) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  With all of this food you have to accompany with some beer.   BOURDAIN:  Yes, I'm learning that.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It's the best way to just handle this.   BOURDAIN:  From cane sugar.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes, cane sugar like homemade --   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  On the (INAUDIBLE).   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  So I'm just going to take one.   BOURDAIN:  So what are your favorite places in Colombia?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Colombia is like five countries in one.  When you come to Colombia you definitely have to go some Pacifico experience, either with Cali or go straight for the coast.  You have to have like an Atlantic or Caribbean experience.  You definitely have to have like a mountain experience, like Medellin or Bogota.  Another would be like just go to the Amazon, you know, like just go the jungle and --   (CROSSTALK) BOURDAIN:  I'm planning a vacation.  Should I come to Colombia? Should I come to Cali?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Most definitely, man.  Like, you will find great music, great partying, great food, beautiful views, beautiful nature around.   BOURDAIN:  Yes, yes, look, the country is beautiful, we know this. OK.  But most Americans, they're afraid to come.  Is Colombia any more dangerous for a tourist than Rio or Puerto Rico?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  South America (ph)?   BOURDAIN:  I mean, my impression is no.  You know, when you go to Rio, you don't wear a big watch, you don't wear an expensive suit, you don't -- you don't behave like an idiot, and life is going to be good.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Like maybe I've been lucky, but I've never been, you know, mugged or kidnapped or robbed.  Most people will tell you that we had an amazing time.  We heard some great music, we met some beautiful girls or guys.  We drank some great drinks, and we just hung out, and we went to the beach, and we -- it was a great and we want to come back, you know?   BOURDAIN:  I mean, there's a lot of hearty here.  People feel very, very deeply.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  About things.  It is the most welcoming country in Latin America that I've been.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Salud, salud, salud.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  I leave the subtropics for more extreme climbs.  Riohacha is a city 600 miles northeast of Cali on Colombia's Caribbean Sea.  The Guajira is the most northern part of South America and borders Venezuela in the east.   It's home to the native semi Nomadic people of Colombia called the Wayuu.  The Wayuus are a tough autonomous tribe who's never taken sides with either the government, the FARC or the paramilitaries.  As a result, they remain independent politically and live pretty much by their own code.   I'm meeting Juan Pablo Majorca, a chef from Bogota who comes to this spot on a regular basis.   (On camera):  This is not another country.  This is Colombia.  But it's a very different part of Colombia.   JUAN PABLO MAJORCA, CHEF:  The Guajiras are very rugged terrain. There's desert.  There's not that much water, so that's part of why the Spaniards, they weren't able to colonize it.   BOURDAIN:  You've been coming more for some time.   MAJORCA:  I became interested in Guajira because I began dealing with fresh fish and fresh lobster, fresh shrimp, and for goat meat to take back to Bogota.   BOURDAIN:  Is it good?   MAJORCA:  It's very good.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Goats are important to the Wayuu, as they're used for food, for bartering, and even as dowry payments.  Rancho owners come to the old market in Riohacha to sell, slaughter and cook goat in the mornings.  Today we're having very frichi.   MAJORCA:  This is a traditional fish from the Wayuu.  It consists of the trifes, the heart, the intestines, and the offal.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  Of the goat.   MAJORCA:  So it's really fresh because they slaughter them back here and this is where the Wayuu women cook it so it's really fresh and traditional.   BOURDAIN:  So this is breakfast.   MAJORCA:  This is breakfast for them.   BOURDAIN:  A little bit of everything in there?   MAJORCA:  Yes.  We have hearts.  We have a little bit of meat, of ribs.   BOURDAIN:  Now --   MAJORCA:  And it's interesting because this one, it's for breakfast, and it's almost done with the slaughter.  They have to eat this fresh.  BOURDAIN:  Fresh this is delicious.  Not fresh this would not be so good.   MAJORCA:  No.  BOURDAIN (voice-over):  This is where I say something to take us  seamlessly from a discussion about fresh meat to me hauling my aging carcass on an ATV sugar bear style.  Tribal members of the Wayuu have dual citizenship and can cross the border into Venezuela to live or trade there whenever they need to.   Luckily for us it means that cheap gas is easy to come by in these parts.  There are no stations as such.  You just keep an eye out for the cans.   MAJORCA:  Most of this gas is from Venezuela.  It's extremely cheap. It's like 50 cents a gallon.  The government subsidizes a lot of it. They are able to buy Venezuelan gasoline and sell legally Venezuelan gasoline in Colombia.   BOURDAIN:  Having taken on as much gas as can be mouth siphoned in one sitting, we're off again.  Let me set the scene.  It's hot out here. Desert hot.  And we plan to ride three hours along the coast to our lunch spot, and I ate salty goat innards for breakfast and I refuse to wear a helmet or sun block.  We avoid wild donkeys and goats and get lost more than a few times.  So a little heat stroke leads to a lot of horsing around, and we decide to open these puppies up.    (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  A momentary concussion is seldom a good thing. Waking up in Colombia on a beach almost always is.  Having abandoned the epic ride, we're back where we started in (INAUDIBLE), in the Guajira at the Blue Sea Restaurant.   (On camera):  How come you're all clean?   MAJORCA:  I changed.   BOURDAIN:  You brought a change of clothes?   MAJORCA:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  I'm hurting now.  I'm feeling every minute, every hour, every month and year of my age.   MAJORCA:  So you're ready for some cazuela?   BOURDAIN:  Yes.  I trust it will make me feel all better.   MAJORCA:  Much better.  It's a good end to a --   (CROSSTALK) BOURDAIN:  Can't ask for better scenery.  It's beautiful here.   MAJORCA:  A beer.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  I need the anesthetic qualities of the local fire water.   (On camera):  That's probably a really good idea.   MAJORCA:  That's going to be a good start for tonight.   BOURDAIN:  A good start.  I'm done.   MAJORCA:  Oh, man.   BOURDAIN:  That dog has the right idea.  See, I'd be very happy if that was me right now.  Just like laying down in the sand with my chin out like that.  Man, it's so beautiful here.  Who comes here?   MAJORCA:  Basically tourists from Colombia and a lot of backpackers that are making their way up to the north in Guajira.   BOURDAIN:  Right.  But I mean, we saw one tourist all day.  Yes, it's nice, really it's completely off the grid.   MAJORCA:  This used to be a fisherman village.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  There are definitely worst places to eat seafood than beachside in a fishing village and the strength of this stew, cazuela de mariscos, lies in the variety of fish available.   MAJORCA:  Basically like a fish chowder.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  Right.   MAJORCA:  Made with shrimp, clams.   BOURDAIN:  Right.   MAJORCA:  (INAUDIBLE), which is a small kind of clam, a lobster, fish.  BOURDAIN:  Yes.   MAJORCA:  And conch.   BOURDAIN:  I need a bath.  Very clear sky for the Caribbean.  Oh, yes. Oh, man.   MAJORCA:  Always accompanied by lemon and coconut rice and plantain, and some hot sauce in there.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Some good food, a few shots of (INAUDIBLE), the sounds of waves in the background, a nice sunset.  These are things in my experience that will set most things right.   (On camera):  Thank you to Guajira.   MAJORCA:  To Guajira.   BOURDAIN:  And Colombia.   MAJORCA:  To Guajira and Colombia.  Salud.  Cheers.   BOURDAIN:  We had good fun.  MAJORCA:  We had good fun.   BOURDAIN:  Cheers.   (Voice-over):  I always find Colombia encouraging.  They face problems more extreme and seemingly more intractable than many of us can imagine, and yet every time I come here it gets better.   Don't get me wrong.  Problems, serious problems, remain, which is particularly heartbreaking in a country so beautiful, so generous, so proud, so eager to love and be loved back.   I come back to my own country from Colombia and I think if they can fix that, if they can make things better, then surely there's nothing we can't do.   For now, however, I'll settle for fixing my headache.  That hurt. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Detroit's the city of champions.  The whole world knows that Detroit is the American city whose products have revolutionized our way of living.  And only in Michigan, when you find the men and women whose talent made us the arsenal of democracy in wartime and the economic pace-setter in peacetime.   ANTHONY BOURDAIN, HOST:  It's where nearly everything American and great came from.  The things the whole world wanted made here.  The heart, the soul, the beat of an industrial, cultural superpower.  A magnet for everyone with a dream of a better future, from Eastern Europe to the Deep South.  American dream, you came here.   The one straight ahead with the green roof?   CHARLIE LEDUFF, JOURNALIST:  Yes.  The big Rococo building, completely empty.   BOURDAIN:  Empty?  Unbelievable.   LEDUFF:  The white one is being rehabbed.  There's some money coming in.  The one next to it on the right is completely empty.  The gray pyramid with the spire on top sold for $5 million.   BOURDAIN:  $5 million for that?  That's -- you can't buy a garage in the Hamptons for that basically.   LEDUFF:  $5 million for a skyscraper.   BOURDAIN:  It is post-apocalyptic.  I mean, it's like a science fiction film.  What the hell happened here?   LEDUFF:  Well, it is post-apocalyptic except for the fact that there's several hundred thousand people living here.   BOURDAIN:  Detroit 2013.  Charlie LeDuff is a writer, journalist, television reporter.  He grew up here.   LEDUFF:  But it used to be two million people.  That was rubber.  That guy was steel.  That guy was a doctor.  This was what made America. The road started here.  The automobile.  Frozen peas started here. Credit on a mass scale started here.   BOURDAIN:  What was this like just before this?  Twenty years before.   LEDUFF:  It was insane.  And this is when it was like twice as many people here.  This is a consequence because all the whites went, they took their money, they took their factories.  The black middle class maintained for a while.  And then it got too rough for them.  So there's little pockets of Ferrell hippies and older black folks, a couple of white folks, some Arabs.  But this is 140 square miles.  So you're going to get tall grass because it's back to the wild.   BOURDAIN:  It is one of the most beautiful cities in America.  It speaks of those industrial aid dreams of an endlessly glorious future. You know, the people who built these structures, they were thinking big.   LEDUFF:  They were.   BOURDAIN:  They were looking at a new Rome and they built it, actually.  It's so awesome here.   Maybe the worm started to come here.  The Packard Automotive Plant. Opened in 1903, it was considered the most advanced facility of its kind anywhere in the world.  Huge, epically proportioned.  I mean, 3.35 million square feet.  Now, one man lives here.  Al Hill.   ALAN HILL, RESIDENT:  My name is Alan Hill.  Welcome to my home.  This room right here is the forge room.  It was a former Packard Motor Car Company.  I started living here about seven years ago.  At that time, I was semi-apprehensive about the place and the goings on around here. But it turns out it's about as peaceful as the north woods.  And not having a credit card or a mortgage payment or a car payment is a real blessing.  There's a few nails here.   BOURDAIN:  Yes.   HILL:  So what's happened here in Detroit is unfortunate, but, you know, it's a sign of the times.  We will find out not only does it take a village to erase individual, it takes an entire world to support one city.  You know, one city is suffering or one community is suffering, the entire world should pitch in and help elevate it instead of sit there and stare at it.   People have lost faith in a lot of things.  Probably had to do with the faith they had in Detroit.  You know once the industrial might of the entire world.   BOURDAIN:  It's enormous.   HILL:  Yes, it is.  As far as a mile long, maybe a quarter of a mile wide.  I've got a pretty good view from up here.   BOURDAIN:  Yes.  How many people worked here at its peak?   HILL:  Well, during the war, there were like 33,000 people working here.  It went out of business in '56.  You know, they brought Studebaker in as a partner and Studebaker pulled them down.   BOURDAIN:  This has been abandoned since the '50s?   HILL:  Well, actually, what happened, in 1956, they rented out to various entrepreneurs.  A sea warehouse, there's a truck and companies, guys were storing cars.   BOURDAIN:  So how long has it been like this, though?   HILL:  Most of this damage happened in the last five years.   BOURDAIN:  Within the last five years?   HILL:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  Wow.   HILL:  China had this Olympia effort.  Scrap metal went to a high price.  So people come in here scraping.  They took the windows out, they just destroyed everything.   BOURDAIN:  The place is pretty much open to anybody who wants to come in.   HILL:  Sure.  A lot of urban explorers.   BOURDAIN:  Yes.   HILL:  People shooting music videos, taking pictures.  Oftentimes you see a wedding party come here.  And, you know, they use this as a backdrop for their wedding and take pictures, videos and what have you.   BOURDAIN:  Wow.   You want to take pictures here.  The place, like so much of Detroit, invites it.  Urban exploring, as they call it, sifting through the remains of Detroit's great American ongoing tragedy, photographing them, posing in front of them is something of an irresistible impulse.  Detroiters hate it.  All the visitors like us, I should point out, wallowing in ruin porn.   Well, is this part of the factory?  Where are we standing?   HILL:  This right here is where the assembly line was.  This is a paint booth right here where they spray paint the cars.  You can see in the forward they have the washmen to over spray.  The assembly line ended 35, 40 feet over here.  There's bridges here between here in the main building and the assembly actually came across the bridges. Looking at the possibly of an assembly line about three quarters of a mile long.   BOURDAIN:  You're talking hundreds of thousands of people all working on the --  HILL:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  On the process.   HILL:  Yes.  BOURDAIN:  I mean, this is sort of a kind of -- you know, it's not a  perfect model for Detroit, but it's a perfect model when a big factory goes down, it's not just 33,000 people.  That's 33,000 families who are going to be eating dinner out less.   HILL:  You've got a point there on that.   BOURDAIN:  Most people I would guess have no idea what a Packard even was.  We're talking about one of the great luxury cars in the world, yes?   HILL:  Yes, it was the kind of car that everybody would love to have. Kings and queens, and every president wanted to ride in one.  Popes and the Indian chiefs.  A luxury car maker went out of business.  You know?  Little did they realize that was a trend that started here in Detroit and when it affected Detroit, it affected the entire world because it followed everybody home.   Might have been 50 or 60 years later, but it started here and then everybody else gets to experience the same problem that we're having. And another 20 years, this place probably won't be here and people won't even have any idea what went on over here.   BOURDAIN:  It's hard to look away from the ruin.  To not find beauty in the decay.  Comparisons to Angkor Wat, Machu Picchu, ancient Rome are inevitable.  Magnificent structures representing the boundless greens of the dead left to rot.  Yet Angkor, that left his magna, people still live here.  We forget that.   You tell people you go to Detroit and chances are somebody from the home team is going to say, "be sure to get a Coney."  I never really understood that.  I mean, I'm like 30 minutes from a place called Coney Island where presumably, they know something about freaking hotdogs, right?   Maybe the early Greeks or Macedonians who first experienced that golden land by the shore then took what they saw with them to Florida, Michigan, and beyond.  Maybe they knew something.  They've been doing Coneys at Duly's for over 90 years.  That's almost as long as the hotdog's been around.  And I can't tell you how deep this creation runs here.  Deep dish in Chicago, cheesesteak in Philadelphia.  You'll find some ambivalence.  Not here.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  How are you, sir?   BOURDAIN:  Good.  Now, if I were from Detroit, would I be eating this with my hands or with a fork?   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Probably with your hands.   BOURDAIN:  All right.  I'll do my best.   (LAUGHTER) UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  OK.   BOURDAIN:  Logistical problems.  That's delicious.  This is the best of my only three Coney experiences.   You're open 24 hours.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes, sir, 24/7.   BOURDAIN:  I don't know (INAUDIBLE) watch like seriously drunk people trying to eat this?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.  We fun time.   BOURDAIN:  Is it a skill that you learn overtime?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.  It takes practice.   BOURDAIN:  It's like kung fu.  You know, you've got to just practice and practice.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Exactly.  Practice makes perfect.   BOURDAIN:  That's good.  I think I better have another one of these.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes, you should.   BOURDAIN:  Yes, I'll be better at it the next time around.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  One Coney with everything.   BOURDAIN:  It seems like a simple thing.  Hotdog, chili, raw onion, mustard, steamed bun.  But the delicate interplay between these ingredients when done right is symphonic.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  Detroit's problems are well-documented.  A lot of attention has been paid to a history of spectacular mismanagement and corruption.   Detroit is hardly alone in this.  (INAUDIBLE) in New York, we forget too soon, was a cesspit of mob influenced corruption.  Chicago, Boston, machine politics, they wrote the book.  But Detroit differs in that its scandal seems so comically lurid.  So surrealistically squalid.  The last mayor, Kwame Kilpatrick, is currently serving time in the jug for some of his less hilariously bent behaviors.  Through all of it, one man seems to have known what's going on.   Adolph Mongo, political strategist, oracle, survivor.  He's seen it all.   I know what I'm having, but I'd love a beer.   ADOLPH MONGO, POLITICAL STRATEGIST:  It is a discounted place, man.  I thought you drank, man.  You drinking beer?   BOURDAIN:  What are you drinking?   MONGO:  I'm drinking vodka.  BOURDAIN:  I'll have -- I'll fold under pressure.   MONGO:  OK.   BOURDAIN:  Then I'll think about a burger down the way.  You having something to eat?   MONGO:  I'm eating.   BOURDAIN:  All right.  I'll hold back.  I will -- I will stick with this --   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  I'll get you your drink and then you can decide.  BOURDAIN:  Thank you.   I have to ask, you're born and raised in the Detroit area?   MONGO:  Right.   BOURDAIN:  An academic star.  Marine Corps.  Journalism.  Why did you never run for office?   MONGO:  You got to be crazy.  You know what?  They don't want straight forward politicians.  They don't last.  You got to be real cold- blooded.  Men are elected officials like working for the drug cartel. You can't get anybody any mercy.   BOURDAIN:  Well, it seems that whatever might be in your heart and however pure you might be, when you finally arrive in office, somebody brings you a big dossier and opens it up and said, Mr. President, or Mr. Mayor, or Mr. Governor, this is the real situation.  At which point it's an ocean trying to start making some serious accommodations.   MONGO:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  So Kwame Kilpatrick.  Want to flow in one there.   MONGO:  Greedy.   BOURDAIN:  Old school --   MONGO:  Greedy.  He was greedy.  I didn't support him in the beginning.  And when he was -- and I was one of his biggest critics. But when he got in trouble, who he call?  He called me.   BOURDAIN:  He called you.   MONGO:  I should have listened to my wife.  She said, don't be messing with him.   BOURDAIN:  Are there good guys out there?  Presumably --   (CROSSTALK) BOURDAIN:  Run for office who would win?   MONGO:  There's a lot of guys, yes.  But they don't want to run. There's a lot of people.   BOURDAIN:  Why don't they want to run?   MONGO:  Because you've got to take the badge that come along with it. You got to take the garbage.   BOURDAIN:  Why should a bright young guy out of -- fresh out of law school start thinking about running for anything in the city of Detroit?   MONGO:  Yes, because sooner or later, it's going to be all right. It's going to be all right.  It's a tough town.   BOURDAIN:  Is Detroit going to turn things around?  I could lie and tell you yes.  But you know what?  This city is screwed.  Only place I've ever been that looks anything like Detroit does now, Chernobyl. I'm not being funny.  That's the truth.   Abandoned.  Man.   But you have to admire the bold, proud, ferociously enterprising survivors who decided to hang on, hang in, and figure out a way to not only survive, but do something extraordinary.  There's Tyree Guyton's Heidelberg Project, the delightfully loony outdoor community art project that began in 1986 and now attracts 35,000 visitors per year from around the world.   LEDUFF:  That was a buck in gas right there.   BOURDAIN:  Yes.   (LAUGHTER) I love Detroit.   LEDUFF:  You know, they got this field mowed last summer.  The neighborhood lit it on fire.   BOURDAIN:  Another block and more decay.  And a liquor store.  In this neighborhood, it's the only store for miles.   Just be right back.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  How you doing?   BOURDAIN:  Hey.  How are you?   (CROSSTALK) UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  I love you.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Awesome spirit on you, man.  God bless you.   LEDUFF:  Hi, how are you?   (CROSSTALK) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Ain't nobody do it like you.   LEDUFF:  See you later.   BOURDAIN:  Cheers.   LEDUFF:  Cheers, man.  Yes.  You want one?   BOURDAIN:  That's the benefit of a college education right there. People seem to like you in this town.  Who hates you in this town?   LEDUFF:  Who hates me in this town?   BOURDAIN:  Nobody.  Huh?   LEDUFF:  Politicians?   BOURDAIN:  I'm guessing there are a number of politicians and former public employees who are not too happy.   LEDUFF:  I don't know.  You know, yes.   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  Yes, but let's face it.  There's a whole lot of people out there who would be perfectly happy with just letting Detroit go.   LEDUFF:  It already went.  Look at this.  See those lilies there?  I call those the ghost gardens.  Like they're all over like the houses that used to be, the gardens still come up.   Off the main drag --   LEDUFF:  Girl, you're wearing the hat and everything.   BOURDAIN:  A backyard.   LEDUFF:  Thanks for coming.  I never had such a good time.   BOURDAIN:  A well-tended home surrounded by many neglected ones.  An example of Detroit-style entrepreneurship.  Greedy Greg's, a do-it- yourself barbecue joint, started by these two.  Rochelle and Greg.   GREEDY GREG, RESTAURANT OWNER:  I'm Greedy Greg.   BOURDAIN:  On the menu, absolutely delicious straight-from-the-grill ribs and rib tips.  But the really good stuff is inside.  Superb smoked pork loaded collards, and mac and cheese.   Thank you so much.  This is perfect.  That's good.   LEDUFF:  Well, I'm going to use this spoon here.   BOURDAIN:  It's unbelievably good.   LEDUFF:  What, the mac?   BOURDAIN:  The greens are incredible.   LEDUFF:  Oh, those are good.   BOURDAIN:  So the greens, is that like smoked ham hoc?   ROCHELLE GREG, RESTAURANT OWNER:  I can't tell you my secret.   BOURDAIN:  You can't tell.  Well, I'll tell you, those are some of the best greens I've ever had.  No doubt about it.   LEDUFF:  And this dude's been everything.   R. GREG:  Come on now.   BOURDAIN:  Yes.  I've been all over the south.  I've had a lot of greens and those are some -- they're not just delicious.  They're luxurious.  Big hunks of you-won't-tell-me-what in there.   (CROSSTALK) R. GRE:  I can't tell you my secret.   BOURDAIN:  Will this kind of entrepreneurship lead Detroit out of its sinkhole?  Probably not.  I can't believe there's not a line of cars around the corner.  That was good.  But it's no longer about winning, is it?  It's about surviving.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  There are approximately 80,000 abandoned buildings within Detroit's 140-square-mile city limits.  What that translates to, unfortunately, is about 14 acts of arson a day.  Nearly 5,000 a year. That's just arson.  That doesn't include the thousands of other types of fires and medical emergencies the Detroit Fire Department responds to every day.   With an ever-lower valued housing market where you can buy a home for as little as $500, many houses are burned down for the insurance. Many because angry neighbors desperate to hang on see abandoned structures taken over by crack heads or drug gangs.   With law enforcement stretched ridiculously thin, they resort to burning them out.  They won't say it.  I will.  The Detroit Fire Department is underfunded, underequipped, often badly and incompetently led, and up against what seems like a never ending war.   A city on fire.  Their safety equipment, their boots, their clothes are often moldering and shambolic.  But they fight on.   This is the second time they've been to this house.  If it happens to be arson, chances are no one will ever know for sure.  Given the ever- shrinking resources available to the department, most fires can't even be investigated.   This fire is out within an hour.  And after the fire, dinner.   The cliche is that firemen are great cooks.  In this case, the cliche is true.  Lieutenant Mike Devons and the boys of Squad Three are cooking up a family meal.   Is ever firefighter expected to cook reasonably well?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  If they don't, they catch hell.   BOURDAIN:  Really?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I mean, in Detroit, yes.   BOURDAIN:  It's almost a perfect society in that sense.  Because in a perfect society, I believe everybody should be able to feed themselves and their friends or their family at least reasonably well.  That if they're not able to do that, they should be shunned and demonized and marginalized.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Well, agreed.  Most of the firemen are known for their cooking.  We cook some outstanding meals.  We've learned to shop.  We've learned to shop with less to feed more.  You don't want to be a belly robber.  You better bring some food back for the boys.   BOURDAIN:  Firefighters, in my experience, are a lot like the Marines I've met over the years.  No matter how badly led, ridiculously underequipped, underappreciated, no matter how doomed their mission, they take a bizarre and quite beautiful pride in at least being screwed more than everybody else and doing it with style.  They seem to do what they do for themselves.  It's not a job.  It's a calling.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  This is where the guys store their gear.  As you can see, the gear is very weathered.   BOURDAIN:  How old?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  This gear is only a couple of years old.  I mean --   BOURDAIN:  But it gets beat up quick.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.  Got one new coat hanging in there, so there's a lucky guy that's got a new coat.  But that gear's seen a lot of action.   BOURDAIN:  Where's the fire pole, dude?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  They took them.   BOURDAIN:  Aw, man.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Late '90s, management took the poles out.   BOURDAIN:  What -- that means little boy, you know, my age, it was all about Sparky the fire sliding the poles.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  You know, I used to love sliding the pole.  And the headquarters was three stories.  So when you were sliding in that thing you had to really hold on because you were going for a ride. The old running board, we put up here.  We don't use the running board, but this is how many companies we used to have.   BOURDAIN:  What percentage of that number now?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Less than half.  And we're fighting a lot more fires.   BOURDAIN:  You know, I've got to say, the kitchen is looking pretty good.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It's one of the best kitchens in the city.   BOURDAIN:  Tonight's meal is being cooked by Paul.  He's Squad Three's best, they say.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  He's reading the can.  That's a good start.   BOURDAIN:  Tonight's menu, crab cakes with a mix of actual crab, and this stuff.  Sea leg.  Maybe you know it from such beloved menu items as California roll.  Hey, firefighters can't afford 100 percent jumbo lump crab meat, OK?   Do you know what this stuff is, by the way?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It's fish, isn't it?   BOURDAIN:  Pollack.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Pollack.  Right.  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  It's a miracle fish.  You can actually make beef out of this, or beef-like substance.  Yes.   It should be pointed out that every meal is paid for by the crew on duty.  They pool their money and shop as a unit.   What's the fire house favorite by consensus?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Steaks, man.   BOURDAIN:  Steaks.  If I were the -- you know, the regular cook here, the whole fire house would be in totally open rebellion?   (LAUGHTER) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Why?   BOURDAIN:  I'd be making stews because they're cheap and I think they're delicious.  Plus I'd be trying it out like tripe and guts on you guys.  I don't know how that would go.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  That would not go.   BOURDAIN:  You'd be eating like Italian peasants every day if I was to cook here.  That pretty much -- you'd have like a big bowl of stew with a big hunk of bread.  And I would be about it.  And I'd be pocketing the difference.  Yes.   Lamb chops seared in the pan then finished over the grill.  Then Caesar's salad with chicken.   Ever find out -- how are the other firefighters eating around the city?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  You know, I got (INAUDIBLE).  What are you guys having for chow?   BOURDAIN:  You ever tempted to just kind of like, to the other guys, say, oh yes, we had like foie gras with truffles and --   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  All the time.   BOURDAIN:  You know, the generation L.A. at the other day --   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I'm going to be cooking lobster in a minute.  Yes.  BOURDAIN:  Yes.  Lobster again.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  You know, I keep telling the guys no more lobster, I just can't take it.  We're free to eat?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Nice job on the crab cakes.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Full of meat.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Very tasty.   BOURDAIN:  So if it's not good, you're not diplomatic about it.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  No, not at all.  No.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  We tell them nice try.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  A lot of cooks, they look at that kitchen, there's a lot of room and there's always a lot of spices.  Our staples are always loaded.  You can pretty much make anything in there.  It's a good place to be a cook.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Nice job there, Paulie.   BOURDAIN:  Yes, well-done, sir.   Generally speaking, you eat fast.  Because you never know.  In all likelihood, you are not going to get to finish that meal.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Well, obviously Tony is not doing any dishes.   BOURDAIN:  I'll do all the dishes --   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  No.  Hell, no.  No way.   BOURDAIN:  Wouldn't be the first time, won't be the last.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  No way.  No way.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  At this point, you may be asking, what about all the cool stuff I hear about Detroit?  That's what you're thinking.  The vibrant, new, do-it-yourself culture of urban renaissance, young entrepreneurs, artists, transforming the city one block at a time. Where's that?   Well, that is happening.  Young, idealistic, true believing, hard- working creative people are indeed doing their best to bring light and hope and beauty to this greatest of cities.  You've got to start with the deeply felt and absolute belief that Detroit is indeed a great city and that it is worth saving.   As utterly screwed as Detroit may be, you have to be a twisted, unpatriotic freak to not believe that.  Behold the future.   Charlie (INAUDIBLE).   LEDUFF:  What, like cooking in a back alley?   BOURDAIN:  Yes.   LEDUFF:  All right.   BOURDAIN:  Chef Craig Lieckfelt has done what many would call a very unwise thing.  After working at Gotham Grill and Jean-Georges in Manhattan, instead of staying where the money inarguably was, he returned to Detroit.  He's been working to get a brick-and-mortar establishment going by first doing regular pop-ups here at Guns and Butter, tucked into the back room of an art gallery, under an overpass in downtown Detroit.   Do you have like a really weird attitude towards food in general?   LEDUFF:  Yes.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  What's that?   LEDUFF:  You know, you got -- like cigarettes, you get coffee.   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  Or all of that.  We're going to eat well.   Charlie LeDuff may have a Pulitzer Prize, but his appreciation of fine food and dining is, shall we say --   LEDUFF:  Is that cheese?   BOURDAIN:  Lacking.  Simply put, he's a Philistine.  Worn egg yolk with a generous helping smelt grow on top.  Egg with eggs?  Yes, please.  LeDuff scarves his like he's at Ruby Tuesday's.   You know, you get all these kids flooding into Detroit.   LEDUFF:  Which is good.   BOURDAIN:  Right.  How is that going to play out?  Will there be political leadership in place to manage that fairly?   LEDUFF:  It will be fine.  Everybody likes a nice little thing in an egg shell with caviar.  Everybody.  It's just all about keeping cool.   BOURDAIN:  No, it won't be fine, David.  It will not be fine if there's not political leadership.  It will not.   LEDUFF:  Well, you know, sometimes political leadership grows up out of what's happening.  And we don't have any political leadership and this is happening.   BOURDAIN:  Are you an optimist --   LEDUFF:  I'm an optimist.   BOURDAIN:  You're an optimist despite --   LEDUFF:  I'm here in this -- I'm in this garage with you.   BOURDAIN:  Chilled summer soup with melon, tomato, lemon Barbino broth.   CRAIG LIECKFELT, CHEF:  Summer soup.  All the melons from the market. The coriander blossoms, we actually picked from a farm right here in Detroit.   BOURDAIN:  Beautiful.  Thank you.   LIECKFELT:  Thank you.   LEDUFF:  It's good, isn't it?  I would describe that -- if May I, Chef?  As a light, airy gazpacho.   BOURDAIN:  Delicious.  I wouldn't even go that far.   The drop sees an opportunity to make a melon (INAUDIBLE).   LEDUFF:  A little gin in it.   BOURDAIN:  You're putting gin in your soup?   LEDUFF:  Well, the soup is delicious.  Let me -- let me try this --  BOURDAIN:  You're on your own, dude.  You know, when I was chef and  you poured gin in my soup, I would have stabbed you in the neck with my fork.  I'm dying somewhere inside.  You're like the worst-case scenario customer.   Next up, smoked mussels in a lightly steamed in white wine, aromatics and butter, served in a lobster broth with fried onions, honey and (INAUDIBLE).  Quite delicious.   Baby Greek salad with beets, tomato and fennel.  All sourced locally. A tribute to the Greek diners where Craig grew up eating with his family.   Steak can be running (INAUDIBLE) and see a restaurant in Vegas, and here he is in Detroit.   LEDUFF:  Well, guess what?   BOURDAIN:  That's heroic thing.   LEDUFF:  The headaches are less.  You're appreciated here.   BOURDAIN:  No.  This is -- no.  This is --   LEDUFF:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  This would be considered foolhardy venture in the chef world.   LEDUFF:  Guess what?  We like good food, too.  We're not space aliens.  LIECKFELT:  People say -- they often say, thank you.  Like -- we just moved back from Chicago.  We lived in Chicago the last six years.  We lived in L.A. the last six years.  Thank you, this is exactly what we wanted.   BOURDAIN:  What you've done is counterintuitive.  I mean, there is sort of conventional career path for chefs.   LIECKFELT:  Right.   BOURDAIN:  Instead, you decide to go to Detroit.   LIECKFELT:  Hell yes.  Come back home.  People think I'm crazy for going back to Detroit.   BOURDAIN:  Then another tribute to classic Detroit.  Potato filled (INAUDIBLE) and kielbasa simmered in white wine, thyme and fennel seeds.  Finished with burr fondue and burr butter pine nuts.  Followed by locally sourced lamb cooked perfectly.  Topped with sour cherries, mulberries, toasted pistachios, coriander, and yogurt sauce.   In what way does opening a fine dining restaurant in Detroit benefit the majority of Detroiters?   LIECKFELT:  How is it not making it better?  How is sitting back not doing anything making it better?  How is it only buying my products from Detroit or farmers in Detroit not helping Detroit?  I'm supplying from Detroit.  I'm hiring people from Detroit.  Everybody here lives in Detroit.   BOURDAIN:  If I were asked the same question, I would say I don't -- you know, I'm doing what I do well.   LIECKFELT:  Right.  Exactly.  I mean --   BOURDAIN:  I'm doing it in a place I love and I am demonstrating that yet another person gives a -- about Detroit and believes in it enough to be here.   LIECKFELT:  You're 100 percent right.  I never really thought about it.  Until you asked that question.  It's like -- to me, it's just obvious.   BOURDAIN:  What will the Detroit of the future look like?  Whatever you may think it should look like, it will probably taste like this.   Hey, people, I hope you're enjoying our trip into the greatest city in America, Detroit.  I am live in Las Vegas.  I got a beer in hand and in 20 minutes, I'll be here with some of my friends, like Wendell Pierce, Marcus Samuelson, the hilarious Bonnie McFarlane, and we're going to confer on all the big moments of season two.  The ups, the downs, and all the glorious insanity of that Tokyo episode.  Stay tuned.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  Somewhere in this unassuming neighborhood, one can sit down for an excellent meal.  But you won't find this place on yelp, and unfortunately, I cannot tell you where it is exactly.  Why not, you ask?  It's not exactly a restaurant, you see, which means it's not, strictly speaking, legal.   What is this place?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Pupusa house.  I call it pupusa house.  I mean like a pupusaria, I guess, you could say.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It's a cultural thing.  Traditionally they serve out of their houses.  And it's just something that people bring over and they come.  So this is about as traditional as it gets right here.  BOURDAIN:  It's just like home.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  This is what's called a Pupusa house.  Literally, a house. This one serving home-cooked Salvadorian meals.  Once a living room, now the main dining area.  The woman running it, we can't show her face, but she's been here for 10 years serving a mostly Salvadoran clientele, looking for a taste of home.   First up a staple done a little differently than the norm.  Tamales wrapped in banana leaf and steamed.   Delicious.   Next the dish of the house, pupusas.  Tortillas stuffed with ground pork or chicharon.   You have pupusas in Nicaragua, in Guatemala.  But for some reason, Salvadorian pupusas get the most respect.  General consensus seems to be they're the best.  How come?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I would agree.   BOURDAIN:  George Azar is our Detroit fixer.  He's been coming here with his friend Joe for years.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  This is what makes it right here, boom, is this. Cortido.   BOURDAIN:  Cortido.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Cortido.  It's like the pickled (INAUDIBLE).   BOURDAIN:  Salsa.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Then I'll do this but I don't know if you (INAUDIBLE).   BOURDAIN:  What are you saying?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I don't know if you can hang, man.   BOURDAIN:  Is it a manly thing?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I mean, it's turning into it, it seems like.   (LAUGHTER) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Mexican spice.  Salvadorian, not spicy.   BOURDAIN:  That's true, though.  They don't like it.  They don't it that spicy.  Wow.  Chicharon?  Yes.  This is porky goodness in there, that's for sure.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Chicharon is fried pork.  Fried pork and then ground with pepper and tomato.  Simple.   BOURDAIN:  Taking the liberty of ordering some indigenous Detroit beverages that we've egregiously overlooked so far.  Now we (INAUDIBLE) which I have --   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It's like a cross between ginger beer and ginger ale.  It's like not as spicy as ginger beer and not as sweet as ginger ale.  It's like in the middle.  It's my favorite beverage in the city.  BOURDAIN:  I needed this to enhance my street cred in Detroit.  Then I will be welcomed back.  Then pollo asado.  A shrimp and garlic butter.  Let's shrimp head on,  thank you very much.   This is where it's at.  God lives in there.   Butter, garlic.  Simple, delicious.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It's the low-fat butter.   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  That's good.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  It's like a big hug.  How did you find your way here?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Honestly, it's only word of mouth.   BOURDAIN:  Yes, but you have annoying foodie Web sites, right?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  But they're not coming here.   BOURDAIN:  They're not coming here?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Oh, no.   BOURDAIN:  There are thousands of foodies with ironic sunglasses and fedoras and they're just weakly get in here.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  We don't want this place to come -- I get mad at him when he starts bringing different people.   BOURDAIN:  Really?  You'd hate a line of people outside waiting --   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  Two-hour wait to get in here?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  I don't want to wait for my plate.  Who hates money?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  With her, it's not about the money.  It's about keeping the tradition alive.   BOURDAIN:  What happens when a city goes bankrupt?  When it's at the point that it's actually considering selling what's left of itself in chunks.  In Detroit, city services are reduced or cut out completely. Fewer buses, fewer cops, fewer firefighters.  Answer, they turn to each other for help or figure out how to do it for themselves. Detroit has a reputation as a tough town, but that toughness is about resilience, too.  The insistence on sticking with it, no matter what.   On not giving up in the face of the utter failure of leadership year after year.  If the city abandons its parks and leaves them to become overgrown, eaten by so much of the rest of the city by tall grass and weeds, then somebody has got to do something, right?   Meet the mower gang.  Started by this guy, Tom Nardone, with a simple mission of doing what they can to keep Detroit's abandoned parks maintained.   Who are you guys and what are you doing here?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  We are the Detroit mower gang.  And we clean up the abandoned parks and playgrounds in this town.   BOURDAIN:  Why would you do that?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Kids need a place to play.  I don't care who you are.  You know, if you're under 10 years old, I think you deserve some justice in this world, don't you think?   BOURDAIN:  Yes.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  How did this thing start?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I guess I started it.  I bought a lawn tractor when the city announced they're closing 72 parks.   BOURDAIN:  What does it mean (INAUDIBLE) open and close?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  They're just going to stop maintaining?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  That's it.  BOURDAIN:  Or are they actually physically shut it up?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  No, no.  They don't physically shut it up. Because there's no money here.   BOURDAIN:  Just physically shut it up.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.  They just -- they just take the trash barrels away and stop mowing.   BOURDAIN:  Crazy.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It's a strange place, Detroit.  When we're done here, it will not look like a nice park.   BOURDAIN:  But still a playable park.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.  And a visible park.  So if you had kids, you could see what they're doing in this park.  It's safer.   BOURDAIN:  All right.  Well, let's cut some grass.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.  Come on, you'll like it.  It's fun.  BOURDAIN:  There's grass in my beer.   (LAUGHTER) (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  In Detroit approximately 40 square miles have been reverted to basically unused green space.  In many cities, so-called urban farming may be looked upon by cynics like my as an affectation.   Here in Detroit, it's not.  With nature taking back the landscape block by block, the urban farm is really the last line of defense.  D- Town sits on the western border of Detroit.   Where are we?   MALIK YAKINI, ROUGE PARK:  We're in the largest park in the city which is called Rouge Park.   BOURDAIN:  Did you just come in and start digging or did you have permission to come in?   YAKINI:  We had permission to come in.   BOURDAIN:  Was that difficult?   YAKINI:  It was very difficult.  We negotiated with the city for two years.  Part of the difficulty was they really didn't know what hook to hang our request on.  They're used to developers come and say I want to build a strip mall or I want to build a parking structure. But they're not used to people saying, we want land to build a model organic farm.   BOURDAIN:  Malik Yakini started the farm with the goal of providing greater access to fresh produce in areas that grocery stores have completely abandoned.  That's basically all of Detroit's inner city.   Other than Whole Foods that just came in.   YAKINI:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  Not a single national food chain.   YAKINI:  No.  No.  In 2007 Farmer Jack closed his last stores in Detroit.  And that was kind of the end of the big chains in Detroit.   BOURDAIN:  This is subsistence farming, not cash crop.  You're not going to be --   YAKINI:  No, no --   BOURDAIN:  You're not anticipating selling outside of Detroit.   YAKINI:  There's greater demand in Detroit than all of the farmers locally can supply.  So first we want to supply that local demand in the city of Detroit.  BOURDAIN:  To what degree do you think that this model can be  replicated in and around the city?   YAKINI:  Well, clearly, we think urban agriculture has great potential.  And one of the things that we have in Detroit is access to huge amounts of land.  If we're able to produce even a small percentage of the food which is consumed in Detroit and circulate the revenues from that food within our community, then we're able to create a more vibrant, healthy, economically strong community.  So we think it has tremendous potential.   BOURDAIN:  Who will live in the Detroit of the future?  There's no question, is there, that Detroit will come back?  In one form or another, a city this magnificent, this storied, this American cannot, will not ever disappear into the weeds.  There are too few places this beautiful for it to be allowed to crumble like Ankor or Rome.   Someone will live in a smaller, tighter, no doubt hipper, much contracted new Detroit.  But who will that be?  Will it be the people who stuck it out here, who fought block-by-block to keep their city from burning, who struggled to defend their homes, keep up appearances as all around them their neighborhoods emptied.   What will Detroit look like in 20 years?  Or 50?  That's not just a Detroit question.  That's an America question.   Hi.  We're live smack in the middle of shooting new episodes but taking a break here at Atomic Liquors in Las Vegas to look back at the filth, the fury, the weirdness, and deliciousness of season two. Including our disturbing psychoclassic Tokyo.   We're talking about issues raised and maybe looking forward a bit to what's next.   (CHEERS AND APPLAUSE) (BEGIN VIDEOTAPE) BOURDAIN:  From the crowded multi-layered pinball streets of Tokyo.   It was the greatest show in the history of entertainment.   To the overgrown lots and empty factories of Detroit.   What the hell happened here?   This season has been a wild ride.  Big game in South Africa.  Small rodents in New Mexico.   We've got a lot of them in New York.   The less and gentle crusting into (INAUDIBLE) region by a bull of faith.   ANTHONY BOURDAIN, HOST (voice-over):  How does the joke begin? Three men in a bar, but it's not a bar.  Imagine the Bronx.  A corner bodega, or maybe a luncheonette, a diner.  Three men, strictly by coincidence, find themselves in the same place at the same time. Sitting at the counter is Afrika Bambaataa.  Across the room is Melle Mel.  Door opens and who walks in?  D.J. Kool Herc.  Three men who created the musical style that's become the soundtrack to, well, the whole wide world.   Do they nod at each other, lament how all of them got screwed over, cut out of the big money, or just laugh at the absurdity of it all? Hip hop came from nowhere else.  It could have come from nowhere else, but the Bronx.   This is the Bronx.  You've probably heard about it.  You may even have a pretty solid image in your head of what it looks like.  What it is like.  Or maybe you can't picture it at all.  The South Bronx sounds familiar as a bad thing.  And the Bronx at one time was said to be burning, wasn't it?  For the most part, the Bronx is overlooked, the never visited borough in New York City, which is a shame, because the Bronx is a magical place with its own energy, its own food, vibe, and rhythm.  You've been to Brooklyn.  Maybe it's time you took a look at the Bronx.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  In August of 1973, the sister of D.J. Kool Herc was holding a birthday party for herself in the basement of 1520 Central Avenue.  As Kool Herc was playing the music on his two-disk turntable, he began to slow the music down, slow the record.  People stood up and took notice, and they began asking him to do it again. He did it again.  They asked him to do it again and again.  He did it again, and he attracted more and more people to his performances, and people began to imitate him.  And that was the beginning of hip-hop music.  It started in the Bronx.   BOURDAIN:  Moody's Records, inside rummaging for records just like he used to do is the man, the legend, one of the very select few who started it all.  Who created the sound that hundreds of millions of people now claim as their own.  Google, "Who created hip hop?"  Go ahead.  You get, D.J. Kool Herc.   (on camera):  It's a national landmark now, is it?  D.J. KOOL HERC, FOUNDER OF HIP-HOP:  No, it's not, we're working on it.  Working on it. BOURDAIN:  Working on it. HERC:  It's still the birthplace of hip-hop, undisputed because I didn't start it with four guys in a club.  I was inside a residential building.  At the time, it wasn't really received in the building.  We had a watchful eye over the recreation room.  So she would watch for any disturbance.  It never happened.  And that's how it survived because good music set itself, good drug set itself, good anything set itself, and this was something good.   BOURDAIN:  Was there a moment when you realized, well, this is big, this is going to be -- this is going to spread way beyond my neighborhood?  HERC:  Never looked at it as that.  I saw it spreading, but it reminded me of Barney Rubble and Fred Flintstone.  Dressed up like Jam Master Jay, you know?  The DMC fellows.  But I'd see that to sell commercial, and I know it was going.  It was going.  It doesn't take a big lift. So let's say I don't have money and all that.  Now, I'm rich in other ways.  But "TIME" magazine said when music was created inside the United States.  You got Louis Armstrong for jazz.  You got Elvis Presley for rock and roll.  Of course, that could be between him and Chuck Berry.  And you got Kool Herc for hip-hop.   BOURDAIN:  Feel good?  HERC:  Very good.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Historically, from the last third of the 19th Century into about 1920, the second language spoken in the Bronx was German.  From about 1930 to about 1960, the second language spoken in the Bronx was Yiddish.  From about 1965 onward, the second language spoken in the Bronx is Spanish, and that's the way it is today.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  It's got a reputation as a tough place: crime, street gangs, a lot of which goes back to the way it was and some of which, well, like I said, it's got a reputation as being tough.   The Bronx is, let's face it, a big blank space in a lot of people's minds.  Even people like me who live, what, ten minutes away, we don't know anything about that big area between Yankees Stadium and the Bronx Zoo.   What you should know is that the Bronx is big.  Really big.  And that it's a patchwork of ethnic enclaves, a cross-section of the whole world.  Every immigrant group you could think of.   Justin Fornal, a.k.a., Baron Ambrosia, has taken it upon himself to serve as the Bronx's culinary ambassador.   JUSTIN FORNAL, "BARON AMBROSIA":  Let the dinner begin.  This is the porcupine.   BOURDAIN:  An evangelist for the cause of introducing the manifold splendiferous delights of this mighty borough to the ignorant, well, like me.  He's got a show on the TV, and he throws parties where he serves creatures that would make Andrew Zimmer turn gray and slump unconscious to the floor.  Showman, iconoclast, explorer, and gourmet.  FORNAL:  The Bronx, it's so multifaceted, but for some reason this is the first place I always take people.  This just oozes and emanates kind of that flavor of the Bronx.   BOURDAIN:  And he knows what I like.  Places like this, 188 Cuchifritos on 188th Street and the Grand Concourse.  Old-school New York Puerto Rican good stuff.  Get within 20 feet of this place and prepare to lose your freaking mind.   FORNAL:  Cuchifrito itself is basically fried pig.  The ears, the tongue, chopped up and deep fried.   BOURDAIN:  So off-cut pig parts, deep fried.  What's not to like about that?  Is that the shank there. FORNAL:  Yes, the shoulder.  We're going to get that in there.   BOURDAIN:  Oh, yes.   FORNAL:  Big piece of the skin, just chopped up.   BOURDAIN:  So skin.   FORNAL:  Skin, fat. BOURDAIN:  Skin and fat?  FORNAL:  Yes.  It's almost like a little meat candy bar.   BOURDAIN:  That's amazing.  Amazing.  FORNAL:  Some morcilla.  BOURDAIN:  Morcilla, for sure. FORNAL:  Always morcilla. BOURDAIN:  And then what else?  We need some placano (ph).   FORNAL: Yes.   BOURDAIN:  Puerto Rico, I missed you.   FORNAL:  The Bronx to me became a place where I could really engage my bacchanalian sensibility.  You could really just come here, eat, drink, wine, women song, and just indulge.   BOURDAIN:  This is pretty much the center of the pork universe as I've ever seen it in New York.  I don't any place porkier than what I'm looking at.   (voice-over):  This is exactly the kind of thing I thought we'd lost in New York, that one after the other faded away in the neighborhood's I lived in.  And all along, all along it was there, right underfoot, a gusher of porky goodness.  FORNAL:  There's a great line, which is they say, in France, which is  c'est la Bronx.  Which is, "What do you think, this is the Bronx?" And you know, this idea of the music's really loud or someone's making a mess.  To me I take that as a point of pride.  To be the Bronx, is where the music is loud.  The Bronx is where the men are tough, the women are sexy, the food is spicy.  If those things weren't true, you wouldn't know what the Bronx is.   BOURDAIN:  So its bad reputation is what protects it?  FORNAL:  I think the perception, the perception of it being a place where the funk is alive.   BOURDAIN:  Incredible, incredible spread.   FORNAL:  Yes, man, this is great.  This is one of the places you'll just kind of dream about: was I really there?  I'm going back to see if that place is really there.   BOURDAIN:  I can't lay off this pork.  It's insane.  I'm actually going to get a to-go order.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yo, love for my haters, forgiveness for my enemies, move spectators.  AS I'm dead if they shot Kennedy.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I'm from the Bronx, New York, and I don't beg your pardon, I was 12 or 13 when hip hop was started.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Just go and take a minute to listen to what those fools speak, it's clear uncut garbage.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Just let me bump, fill my energy up.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  No logic, a bunch of false prophets pushing a poisonous product.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'm not hard to find.  I'm right by the zoo, by the gorilla cage.  Holler at me, baby.  Ooo, ooo! Watch it.   BOURDAIN:  First to call himself an emcee, another pioneer, Melle Mel. In 1982, and he Grandmaster Flash wrote and recorded "The Message," an album that was a complete and ground-breaking departure from the kind of lyrics and content up to that point.   MELLE MEL, PIONEER IN HIP-HOP:  Before we started doing hip-hop music, there was no hip-hop music, so we played everything.  We played disco. We played reggae.  We played rock.  We watched "Hee Haw."  That was like the favorite in our house.  That was one of our favorite shows, "Hee Haw," you know.  And all of those things kind of became the components of what became hip-hop music.   I started out as a break dancer.  So I used to break dance.  You know, my brother used to, you know, do graffiti, and all of those individual elements wasn't really happening anywhere else.  So it was just something that could only have went on right in that area in the Bronx.   BOURDAIN:  Yes, OK, you may be thinking, what about the Sugar Hill Gang, what about them?  They were an industry band like The Monkees or The Archies, built to cash in quick from what was seen as a fad.  And they did cash in.   (on camera):  Where were you when you suddenly realized, shit, there's money in this?  MEL:  Well, that first record I ever heard was "King Tim III."  The second and the most popular record was "Rappers Delight."  I used to live on the fifth floor walk-up.  I walked out, somebody was playing it next door, was playing it on the fourth floor, was playing it on the third floor, second floor.  First floor.  Somebody had a boom box outside playing it.  The car that drove by had it on.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  Right. MEL:  Nothing that was like a plague.  It was like -- it was like locusts.  And that's when I realized, you know, it was -- it's something that was beyond what we was doing out in the street. Critically, it's not a great record, but if you play it right now, it's still, you know, it's still a good record.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  In this case at least, history has come around.  Today, nobody looks back at the Sugar Hill Gang as having been originals or innovators.  People know who did what.   MEL:  As far as hip hop-now, as far as the music now, these guys are not trying to tell the story of their time at all.  OK, yes they popped a lot of bottles.  Oh, yes, they had sex with a lot of women and they drove a lot of expensive cars and nothing else happened.   But you would never know that there was a black president, you would never know that there was two wars.  You would never know those things, because it's not reflected in the music.  And at some point, somebody was supposed to step up and make those songs.  Twenty years from now, they'll still be talking about "The Message" and "Planet Rock" and all the classic records.  You know what I mean?  That's what it is.   BOURDAIN;  Robert Moses has been dead over 30 years now.  And people in the Bronx, for the most part, still hate him.  His role as master builder, he ran the cross-Bronx Expressway and the parkway system straight through dozens of working-class neighborhoods, seemingly uncaring about the destruction of whole communities.   Massive housing projects conceived as utopian solutions to stacking the poor or the centralized vertical ghettoes were also his bright idea.   He did leave some pretty impressive damn works behind, though, like the Tri-borough Bridge, Flushing Meadows Park, the Verrazano Bridge.  The Bronx happens to be the home of the two largest parks in New York  City, Pelham Bay and Van Cortlandt, and you see stuff here you probably ain't seen in Central Park.   The Garifuna come from Honduras, Guatemala, and Belize, and they trace they ethnic group back to a single slave ship that crashed off St. Vincent and whose freed Africans then mixed with Carib Indians.  Where is home for many of the Garifuna community living in the U.S.?  You guessed it, the Bronx.   FORNAL:  Living in the Bronx, you're able to kind of travel the world without leaving the borough.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  Right.   FORNAL:  And, you know, it's like an addiction.  When you go to another country and the first day in the market, and all your dreams and you smell the diesel, and you're just looking around, like where's that one thing I'm looking for?  To be able to do that, really, in your own backyard, it's...  BOURDAIN:  Cool.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  We have mohutu (ph).  That's coconut soup with fish.  FORNAL:  Uh-huh.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Over here, we have a tapo (ph).   BOURDAIN:  That looks good.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  ... with banana, yucca, yotia (ph), malanga and coconut soup.   BOURDAIN:  That sounds good.  Yes, there's some neck bones and it. Yes, let's do it.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  So let's put some plantain here.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  In Garifuna cuisine, mashed plantains come with just about every dish.   FORNAL:  Plantains are just part of me.  That's part of hotutu (ph). You'll never have this without it.   BOURDAIN:  Like fofu (ph). FORNAL:  Yes.  Same method, same right hand. BOURDAIN:  Same principals. FORNAL:  Same everything.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  There's fish and coconut soup.   (on camera):  What kind of fish is this?  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Blue fish.   BOURDAIN:  Blue fish.  Awesome, I love blue fish.   (voice-over):  And some nice smoked neck bones with bananas and yucca.  (on camera):  That's officially awesome already.  Oh, that's tasty. It's really good.  An underexploited fish, one of my favorites.   So you know what I've noticed already?  The Bronx is big.  How ludicrous and shameful is it that I can literally see my house from here and I basically have no idea where I am?  FORNAL:  No fault on your own, but I think that's kind of what keeps the Bronx so amazing, is that you have all these in-touch ethnic enclaves.   BOURDAIN:  I didn't know there were Hondurans here, much less 200,000 Garifuna.  No clue. FORNAL:  Right. BOURDAIN:  I've been saying the neck is the next big thing for years now.  Still waiting.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  People from all over the world reside in the Bronx.  As a matter of fact, we have residents from every continent on the face of the earth, and if you count the penguins in the Bronx Zoo, that includes Antarctica.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  The wellspring of hip-hop is right around here, a mostly Jamaican community in Bronx River in the South Bronx. Jamaicans began arriving here back in the '50s, and still today, Jamaican food, Jamaican culture, the music, is all over.  Sundial International headquarters, makers of traditional tonics and herbal remedies, a Bronx institution since the '70s.   BABA RASHAN ABDUL HAKIM, SUNDIAL INTERNATIONAL:  This is enough ingredients.  This is the mahogany bark.  This one is used for any type of bodily weaknesses.   BOURDAIN:  Baba Rashan Abdul Hakim, or Pops Baba (ph) as he's called, a grassroots bush doctor, healer.  He uses recipes passed down from mothers and aunties, blends of roots, spices, herbs, barks, and woods.  HAKIM:  wood root in the morning and at night, it'll cure what's wrong with you.  You're going to have improvement.   BOURDAIN:  Whatever ails, he's got a cure.  Wood root, cure for the blood, the body, the nerves.  Portamanti (ph), an intestinal cleanser, and traditional African manback (ph), helps you get your manhood back, among other things.  HAKIM:  It was about 1956 that I came to America.  So I could make it  in the apartment in the Bronx River.  And the whole project smell up this roof, they used to jive then.  Hey, what are you doing in there? What kind of hocus pocus in there doing.  You know what I mean?  And I'd box it and go in the car, and I'd sell it in the Bronx.  The Bronx is the best place in America.  Nowhere like the Bronx.   BOURDAIN:  In the yard out back, some freshly roasted Jamaican coffee, and this man.  A Tyrannosaurus Rex of music.  A man who changed the world for generations, Afrika Bambaataa.  Bambaataa and Pops go back together to the same housing projects.   AFRIKA BAMBAATAA, MUSICIAN:  You know James Baba Papa don't play no rest?   BOURDAIN (on camera):  Yes.   BAMBAATAA:  That's the Baba.  Brother Rashad.  That's right.   BOURDAIN (voice-over): He and his associates in the Zulu nation were absolutely instrumental in shaping what became hip-hop culture: break dancing, graffiti, DJing and rap.   (on camera):  Is this true that you'd soak your records in water, you'd take the label off?  BAMBAATAA;  Yes, we'd put tapes on it or we'd soak the label off.  You know, you'd have spies in these other camps, trying to find out what was that beat Bambaataa playing?  So I used to soak it off.  I used to put on tape to cover the records, and we was digging in the crates hard.   BOURDAIN:  You were unusually voracious in your musical tastes.  Of all the records in the world, how did you come upon Kraftwerk?  BAMBAATAA:  I came about it digging in the crate down in the Village. I said this looks type of weird.  When I took it home and I heard the sound, I said, "Whoa."  I said, "This is some funky, hmm."  I said, "Man, this is some futuristic type of funk here," whether they didn't know they were doing some style of funk, and thus came the birth of the electric funk sound, Miami based sound.  And since the beginning, we always paid tribute to James Brown, Sly and the Family Stone and George "Parliament Funkadelic" Clinton for bringing the funk from which the hip hop came and the reggae and to, you know, all the pioneers of hip hop.   BOURDAIN:  Up north a ways in West Jamaica, another working class community where subway service is pretty limited and yet people to have to get up, go to work, and often make the long hump to another borough.   Afterwards, a person could use a drink.  And if you're a Jamaican person, you could use the everyday, go-to drink of back home, any time of day and night, Ray and Nephew.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Ray and Nephew was a very strong Jamaican white rum that we use for everything from baby fever... BOURDAIN:  Right. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  ... to drinks here in this bar.  You get it with cranberry juice, with milk, or water.  What water would be in any other borough is what Ray and Nephew is in the Bronx.   BOURDAIN:  Jesus is one half of the brilliant podcast team Jesus versus Kid Marrow (ph).  It's a very fast, freeform riff diatribe on life in the Bronx and what's happening on the news, in hip-hop, or last night.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE;  Growing up in the Bronx you're isolated from the rest of the city.  You know what I'm saying?  So the other city has like City Bite.  The Bronx doesn't get any of that.  We're kind of abandoned up here.  People get on a boat and go to Staten Island before they ride up to the Bronx.   BOURDAIN:  I've got to reluctantly -- have to be in part of the problem.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  They always say the Bronx is eventually going to be gentrified.  That's not happening any time soon.  It's not.   There's the owner right here.  This is the man right here who made today possible.   BOURDAIN:  Thank you.   (voice-over):  I am happy here.  And I will drink more of your Ray and Nephew, regardless of what it might be doing to my brain, but then, I will eat.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  What is this?  Pork foot. BOURDAIN (on camera):  Pigtail.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  Awesome.   Oh hell, I love this.  Oh.  Man, that looks good.  People sort of stopped paying attention to the Bronx when it wasn't burning anymore. When Fort Apache was something we didn't have to think about.   BOURDAIN:  Right.  Do you remember your first time? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I remember my first time.   BOURDAIN:  How do you feel, first time, stopped the first time? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I cried.  And that summer, 15 times, stop and frisk, just thrown up against the gate, fingers to our genitals, and cops looking for guns.  But you remember that, you remember your first time.  When you lose your stop and frisk virginity.  You know, you remember it. BOURDAIN:  I've never been stopped and frisked. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I wonder why?  What is - Is it because you have a CNN show or is it just because ... BOURDAIN:  I've been arrested.   (LAUGHTER) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  If you hang around here long enough, I can get you stop and frisked.   BOURDAIN (voice over):  They talk about DIY culture, about do it yourself.  And you better be able to do it your damn self in the Bronx because often, nobody else is going to do it for you.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  When you go in the Bronx, you're basically going back in time.  There are certain crimes that will happen here that are not going to happen in Manhattan and Brooklyn. BOURDAIN (on camera):  OK, it's an ... UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Purse snatchers.  BOURDAIN:  Really?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  OK. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  There's still - there is a little bit crackheads in front of that building over there. And they are getting their cracks, and they not bothering anyone.  And you know the thing is, they are respecting parts of this community. You see them every day.  There's literally a crackhead that's been here for 25 years.   BOURDAIN:  That takes some determination now.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Listen, if I could be a crackhead, I would be the best crackhead possible.   BOURDAIN:  I was a crackhead, and oh ... UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Listen, people have been there.  No judgments.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  How are you doing? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Hey, what's up? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  OK. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  All right.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  All right.  Look, I'm thinking curry goat. BOURDAIN (voice over):  Pheses's (ph) Uncle Vernon used to own this place, but that was three owners ago.  Now it's Lammy's, and the Lammy took over from some people who put too much cinnamon in their curry goat, which as we all know, is a sin against god.  Lammy fixed things. Curry goat and stewed ox tail with rice and peas, collards, and yes, mac and cheese.  I can't resist. BOURDAIN:  I mean, correct me if I'm wrong, listen, there's a lot of good food in the Bronx. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  There is, there is.  If people would like you know get over their bias and come above 96th street, they would find out.   BOURDAIN:  I mean if the Bronx were a neighborhood in Manhattan, sort of shrunk down, you'd have hipsters crawling all over.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Oh my god. If you live in the Bronx it's not necessarily that you're going to ever leave the Bronx for the Manhattan.  Because everything you want, everything you need is in the Bronx, so why would you go past 149th street? BOURDAIN:  Right. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  So all that, wrapping my neighborhood, the ethnic pride and all that stuff, people would definitely hold on to that. And that's definitely true of Rylander (ph) Avenue, that avenue to do - that stuff. Even this neighborhood was all white until the '50s.  It's very recent the whole immigrant ... BOURDAIN:  Who lived here in the '50s? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  All white people.   BOURDAIN:  What kind of white people?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  White white.  Like we enjoy milk white, that kind of, we're kissing dogs on the mouth. (LAUGHTER) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It's moved forward, now you have this, and there's definitely this whole, you know, like I'm from 233rd, you're from 225th, every ethnic group, at least in the Bronx has that.  I think the next group that's going to take over here is definitely Mexicans, and the thing is, it's an immigrant neighborhood.  So, it's not a matter of who owns it, it's who owns it at what particular time and they're next.  And I'm looking for it tonight, because I enjoy good quesadillas. BOURDAIN:  Yeah. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  But I made the good decision to come to Lammy's today.  So .. BOURDAIN:  Yeah.  That was good move. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Lammy's you speak of Lammy's. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Speak of Lammy's UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I'm here all the time.  I'm always here.  I live right there.  So, I'm always here for the curry goat, mac and cheese, you know. Lammy's don't play, man. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  The twos and the fives here are the greatest trains because they go from Bronx through Manhattan all the way through Brooklyn.  So, it's the only number of lines that will get three boroughs, you know, visibility.   BOURDAIN:  The Bronx still here.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yeah, it's still here. (LAUGHTER) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  But you know, like even that, I mean that brings me back, Tony, that sound.   BOURDAIN:  Do you remember the first time you put spray paint on a wall?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yeah.   BOURDAIN:  When was that?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Summer of '70. BOURDAIN (voice over):  Back then, seemingly overnight, they were everywhere, princes of the city, their pieces stretching across city blocks, whole trains, evermore audacious, some, like this man, were artists.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  In the late '70s, to be on of a rooftop like this with a brew or whatever, hanging out, we're waiting for something to come through with a cool letter or like oh my god, look at that T. And so inner kids are screaming, like, oh my god, look, oh my god, you know, here it comes.  Here it comes. BOURDAIN (on camera):  There's my mine.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  There's mine, there's mine.  But what if you thought the train you painted here was on the left side.  Then you kind of messed up.  Oh no, it's on the right side.  And no, you're not screwed, you just wait until this train goes all the way to Brooklyn and comes all the way back.  BOURDAIN:  So, this was the audience that you had in mind?  Does  matter?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I think all of us spoke to each other back then.   BOURDAIN:  Other arts.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yeah, you know, I mean it was just the rush of the event, and then the accolades you may or may not receive.  Certainly not from the public, but from your peers.   BOURDAIN (voice over):  Futura 2000, his style and that of a few of his colleagues, spread across the globe.  I miss those trains. Others, not so much.  I get it, it went on and on until there seemed there wasn't an untagged, unmarked, un-scrawled upon bit of wall or window in New York, but for a while, it was a golden time.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Well the whole point of being here ... BOURDAIN (on camera):  Yeah. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Was to me what the Bronx was about, not just the music and the scene and coming up with the parties, with the likes of Bam and Herc (ph) and, you know, everyone of that era, but it's watching trains.  It's what we used to call it benching.   BOURDAIN:  You were watching each other's work go by?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Absolutely.   BOURDAIN:  Art lovers. (voice over):  This was his museum.  Where he and his fellow artists would meet and exchange ideas and admire each other's work.  And it's jarring coming to learn all those years later that it was really all about this, how about a few seconds as their pieces rode by to be evaluated by peers.  There for a moment, then gone.  Like well all of their work from that time, long since removed or painted over.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Ultimately, the legacy -- here, here's our legacy. You know, we don't have a movement anymore.  The movement has been given to the world.  And if you go to trains in Milan and, you know, Paris, or wherever, you know, certainly not the Russian system, but if you go to some of these cities around the world, they're bombed.  You know, their rail systems are destroyed.  But I mean, today, if I could have a train running --  BOURDAIN (on camera):  That would be nice.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It would be epic.  And I think any artist, Picasso, any artist from any generation, if that concept was available, like here is some public art guys, let it run through our countryside.  (CROSSTALK) BOURDAIN (voice over):  Take the six trains to the end of the line, then do the same for the number 29 bus.  Technically you'll still be in the Bronx, but it kind of won't feel like it.  City Island is a fishing village turned what?  A parking lot for pleasure boats, and a long established restaurant row for New Yorkers.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  You picked the perfect day to come out here. BOURDAIN:  Desus (ph) says this place, and Desus is always right. BOURDAIN (on camera):  How far from the neighborhood by car? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  By car?  Maybe 15, 20 minutes.   BOURDAIN (voice over):  20 minutes.   (voice over):  That seems like a world away.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yeah, but I want to buy some nautical brick-o- brack while I'm here. BOURDAIN (on camera):  This is New York City? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  This is - Cape Cod in the Bronx.  Many of my childhood memories, getting all this out, to come out and be get there and they're like oh the beach is closed for the medical reason.  It's not a day that you go in the water and just come out with like a maxi pad stuck to you.   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  Been there.  So you were here like when, yesterday?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I was literally here yesterday.   BOURDAIN:  Wow.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  For my sister's graduation because every time you have an event of note in the Bronx, you have to come celebrate at City Island.   BOURDAIN:  I noticed all the big catering halls.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yeah, you can get married, you get arraigned, the baby's not yours, come here.   BOURDAIN (voice over):  Seashore restaurant, a massive fish factory on the water of a type I'm very familiar with, having started my cooking career in one just like it. I'm also a sentimental fool, and I love this kind of thing.  Steamers, a true taste of childhood.  Boiled striper and some snow crab and a nice cold beer, yes, thank you, Desus.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It's like a knighting ceremony.  Just kind of sit up, and you're just like oh, just take it all in.  Enjoy guys.  BOURDAIN (on camera):  Thank you.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I could have done that myself, but ... BOURDAIN:  That's part of it.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  That's part of the ambience.   This is the perfect place for a date, but it's the worst food for a date.  Either a huge turnoff or a huge turn on.  Like you might give a lady a preview of what they're about to get into.  BOURDAIN:  Right. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  All the little bib, little sucking action.  Just let them know, you know, in an hour, this could be you.   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  Wow.  Maybe I missed it all my life.  This is pretty awesome.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Saturday night, City Island, that's where people are going. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  The first European settler to come to the Bronx came in 1639.  His name was Jonas Bronck.  B, R, O, N, C, K.  In 1874, all the area west of the Bronx River was annexed to the city and in 1895, all the area east of the Bronx River was annexed to the city, and in 1898, the city then decided that the two areas previously annexed should also become a borough.  But what to call it since it never had a name before?  They looked at the map and right smack to the middle of the territory ran the Bronx River, so they named it after the river, the borough of the Bronx, and that is why it is called the Bronx and not just plain Bronx.   If you have a question about the Bronx, chances are Lloyd Alton has the answer.  Born and raised here, he's never really left for over seven decades.  This is a disappearing aspect of New York for sure. The real thing Jewish deli, Liebman's is one of the last.  There used to be dozens of places where you can get your brisket, chopped liver, ragu patstramis (ph) or pickles, and the black cherry soda or a souree (ph) of course, to drink. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  The World Series is going on, Howard Kosel (ph) is on the air.  Suddenly you see a tongue of flame licking up into the sky.  And he says, this is the kind of thing that Jimmy taught us all, ladies and gentlemen, the Bronx is burning.   The old image of the Bronx as middle class, mobile, healthy area had survived up until 1977, this shattered it. BOURDAIN (on camera):  Right. (voice over):  The Bronx was burning, went the story, and that stuck. Politicians making the south Bronx a poster child for what was hopelessly wrong, would always be wrong, would never, we were told, get any better. (on camera):  So we now have what you call a slum lord essentially. Snapping up large numbers of buildings.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yeah, first of all, he takes out a huge fire insurance policy.  So as he goes to these junkies and he says listen, you see that empty apartment on the top floor?  I'm going to turn my back.  You take all of the lead pipes that are in there, but I have one request, please, before you leave, turn on the water, and the water comes down, driving everybody else out.  They then hire an arsonist and sets fire to the building, they collect all the money, and they leave.   BOURDAIN:  I remember it well.  I remember those few years.  Things were bad.  Are things borough-wide, are things getting better?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Is the Bronx better?  Absolutely.  There is more home ownership in the south Bronx than had ever existed in history. That doesn't mean that we've reached utopia.  We have not.  How long it will take, I'm a historian.  I look in the other direction.  I would say my crystal ball is cracked.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  I got four cheeseburgers for the front. BOURDAIN (voice over):  Is it the best hamburger in the world?  Far from it, my friends.  Is it even strictly speaking, a burger?  I mean, it's small and square and steamed.  It can be, especially when you eat a lot of them, as one tends to, a hate yourself in the morning experience.  But if you grew up with White Castle like I did and like handsome Dick Manitoba did, this connects with some deep dinosaur part of the brain, evoking a powerful emotional response.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  These are a great cultural part of my childhood. We'd come here 24 hours a day.  There were guys on their dates.  There was a bunch of punk rock kids.  So along with that potpourri of humanity I just described you had these guys from the mental institution.   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN (on camera):  Ah, that's community for you.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  That was the Bronx.  That was the Bronx, man.  It was great.   BOURDAIN (voice over):  Maybe you know handsome Dick from such pre- punk legendary bands as the dictators.  Dick grew up, where else, the Athens, the cultural geyser, the font of art and music that is the Bronx.  And back in the day like me, this was his special warm and happy place.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I can go by and eat a full 2 1/2-hour meal, be stuffed, and see someone eating a white castle, I still want one.  You can forget mickey d's.  You can forget Burger King.  You forget all those places.  If you need a White Castle scratch, none of the cheap places will do.  I can't stop eating. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  The Bronx Academy of Letters is something of a cause for me.  An institution whose mission I see as absolutely vital.  If kids like these kids from a tough neighborhood, often coming from tough family situations, are going to do the things that they're capable of, of having the things they want.  I believe that there is no way to realize your dreams if you can't articulate them, if you can't with words convince others to give you the opportunities, the chances you need to grasp.   (on camera):  So I wanted to talk today -- really I'm going to tell you in a short period of time everything I know about writing.   (voice over):  Today I'm dropping by in my role as substitute teacher.  (on camera): I'm from Manhattan.  And I don't know anything about the Bronx really.  I'm ridiculously, shamefully ignorant.  Do you think people know about the Bronx, what it's like to grow up in the Bronx? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Everybody perceives the Bronx as the emergence of hip-hop and all that, the culture.  But apart from that the Bronx is actually lively at all times.  At night, and in the morning.  You hear people screaming from outside your window.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  I've grown up - since I was what, I think seven.  (CROSSTALK) UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Yeah.  And it's happened that way.  So, some community it's likes the biggest thing.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  I've been teaching here for eight years, and I think that what people forget is a lot of times we talk about this in class, they focus on lots of diseases, health issues, lack of education.  But I can be out with them just walking to the train to go to a field trip and they say hi to at least 30 people. (LAUGHTER) UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  You know everyone.   BOURDAIN:  What other Bronx specialties should I be paying attention to? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Montano's. (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  That works for you? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yeah.  (LAUGHTER) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Bacon tastes pretty good. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I like bacon, egg and cheese sandwich.   BOURDAIN:  That's a classic.  That's a New York classic.  That's sort of a bodega classic. (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  Love that.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  I walk outside and have the Italian Ice's.  Soon when - as soon as like the weather gets nice and you hear Cohito, dames (ph) ... (LAUGHTER) UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  they've got the best.   BOURDAIN:  So, what is - what is chopped cheese? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Chopped cheese. BOURDAIN:  What is chopped cheese?  I have to see.  Where does this come from?  This mutant cheese.  (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN (voice over):  This thing, whatever it is, it'll do just fine.  As long as you're reading Orwell's essays while you're eating it, kid.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  I think it was somebody who experiments in their home.  Because it tastes so different than like a cheeseburger, which is what it kind of is actually.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  People uptown or like downtown say chopped cheese and they're like, what?  Like - here you're like  BOURDAIN (on camera):  So this is a regional indigenous specialty. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  And it's newer, too, right? BOURDAIN:  Right. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  It hasn't been around that long.   BOURDAIN:  I've been everywhere in the world, and I mean just about everywhere in the world that you can think of.  As beautiful as many cities around the world are, it's really in your blood, and particularly if you grew up here.  You're living in Paris, you don't want a chopped cheese sandwich. (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  Maybe you'll be angry that can't get one. (on camera):  So there it is.  A peek, a narrow slice of an old, deep, and noble subject. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Causing the co-existence to morph into a vicious remorse these laws relentless illogical ... BOURDAIN:  Sitting right there, relatively unexplored.  A cross- section of the tasty, original good stuff.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  So gritty I'm grimy.  You got my city behind me  BOURDAIN:  A petri dish for talent, for culture.  The great unknown. Go look.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  The X.  Armageddon.  (COMMERCIAL BREAK) ANTHONY BOURDAIN, TALKING ABOUT THAILAND: I remember the moment I first realized I've been living my whole life in black and white. It was like discovering a color I never knew existed before. A whole  new crayon box full of colors, that was it for me. From then on, there was no putting the pieces back together. No going home. Things were different now. Asia had ruined me for my old life.  (BEGIN OPENING SONG) I took a walk through this beautiful world felt the cool rain on my shoulder found something good in this beautiful world I felt the rain getting colder. Sha La La La La Sha La La La La La  Sha La La La La Sha La La La La La La  (END OF OPENING SONG) (LAUGHTER) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Whiskey.  (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN: Oh, that's good. Trying to kill us. They make more than 100 bottles a day so 30,000 bottles. That's a lot of -- did I do that right? Or have I had too many whiskeys? How did this happen? How did I get here?  (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN: Coming into focus, the man across the table. He looks familiar. Maybe if I can remember who he is, it will be a clue as to where I am.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Ok.  BOURDAIN: Right. Andy. Andy Ricker. The white guy who cooks awesome Thai food.  ANDY RICKER, THAI FOOD COOK: Pretty spicy? Put that in there.  BOURDAIN: The Pok Pok in Portland, restaurants in New York. Andy has made a name for himself faithfully reproducing the cuisine of Northern Thailand. The good stuff comes from places like here. Rice country. Chiang Mai Province. In this part of the world, you live and die by the harvest. Thai food is intensely regional. In Northern Thailand in particular, has many distinctive features. This is a world of fresh, delicious, spicy, meaty, salty, sour, sweet, bitter. Often with a just-picked herby dimension. And always the most vital thing, giver of life, sticky rice. Andy here is constantly back and forth from America to Thailand, for nearly 25 years now, looking for recipes, techniques, digging deeper and deeper into an amazingly complex and widely misunderstood cuisine. And getting his ass chastised by a few aunties as he goes. On this trip, Andy's working on a new cook book, investigating the eating and drinking culture of the region. Which might be why he thought of me and why we're drinking shine for breakfast. Where there's food, there's also going to be booze. And likely, a lot of it.  RICKER: This is Nempik Ong. We make a chili paste with chilies, garlic, shallot, shrimp paste and tomatoes. And then you mix it with pork.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: That's for you. OK.  BOURDAIN: Oh, yeah. I think it's awesome.  RICKER: Isn't it delicious? This rice is grown here in the village. You just kind of make a little spoon-shaped ball with it.  BOURDAIN: Now, what's the famous greeting? Is it have you eaten yet or have you had rice?  RICKER: It's both. Literally it means have you eaten rice yet. But what it literally means is how's it going.  BOURDAIN: It is assumed that if you haven't eaten yet, things are not going well. If you have eaten, rice is such a fundamental component.  RICKER: Eating is synonymous with eating rice. To eat a meal without rice would be unthinkable.  BOURDAIN: What makes their whiskey seem special?  RICKER: Because of the flavoring that they add to it.  BOURDAIN Conveniently, our hosts in addition to having provided us with a fine meal, just so happen to run a distillery out back.  RICKER: They use a spice mixture they add to the yeast balls, let it ferment for five days, and then she smashes it with a wood mallet.  BOURDAIN: Thai rice whiskey, Lao khao, bucket of hooch, whatever you want to call it, this stuff is a delightful beverage that taste better and smoother, apparently, the more you drink. Here  we go.  RICKER: And then fried fish. I believe it's called Nile tilapia or Nile carp. It s salt the hell out of it and deep fry it.  BOURDAIN: Good stuff. Hmm.  (SPEAKING A FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN: This guy's trying to kill us.  RICKER: Yeah.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Ok, ok.  (SPEAKING A FOREIGN LANGUAGE)  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: For my uncle. BOURDAIN: For your uncle, yes.  RICKER: 69 years old.  BOURDAIN: Looking good.  RICKER: He drinks half a bottle every day. So, it's pretty much the Keith Richards health and preservation plan.  BOURDAIN: All right. Will we get healthy, too. The whiskey, I have to say, is taking hold. In some clinically fascinating ways.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Funny.  RICKER: I lost the plot.  BOURDAIN: Oh, that's OK. It all comes back to me as the world shifts and tilts.  (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN: Although I'd been looking out a lot of hotel windows these days struggling to figure out where I am, being here, throwing back shots of rice whiskey with these guys, I know I'm back in Thailand.  (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN: Not just Thailand, but Northern Thailand. Once known as kingdom of a million rice fields, it's a fertile, green and gorgeous area, home of the ancient Latta people. Welcome to Chiang Mai Province, tucked up near the borders of Burma, China, Laos, India not too far away. All of them have left their mark on the food.  RICKER: Here's the local hooch.  BOURDAIN: And if you're eating here, chances are, you're also drinking.  RICKER: Compared to the stuff we had this morning, this is substantially more harsh, I would say. And less fragrant.  BOURDAIN: The village of May Yon. In this place is called Hin Tang. How did you find this place? We're in the middle of nowhere.  RICKER: It's a very popular place. BOURDAIN: A restaurant showcasing one of the distinguishing elements  of Northern Thai cuisine, the heavy use of animal protein.  RICKER: You see the local people, they're ling up. Here in Northern Thailand, pig reigns supreme. So, most of the stuff we're eating here is made out of pig.  BOURDAIN: What did you order?  RICKER: Grilled pig tail.  BOURDAIN: That sounds superb.  RICKER: Yep. And then we ordered some sai oua(ph) Northern Thai herbal pork sausage.  BOURDAIN: Oh, yeah, I'm on that.  RICKER: Brain. Some pig's brain.  BOURDAIN: Yeah. I'm not a big brain fan. A custardy sort of texture, coupled with this sort of nutty taste. Frankly, I'd sooner grab a big handful of nut sack, so to speak.  RICKER: It's mixed with a curry paste and some herbs and stuff, thrown into a banana leaf and then grilled. It's like eating scrambled eggs. You'll love it. Then we ordered new raw blood soup.  BOURDAIN: Raw. What do you mean, they don't cook it?  RICKER: They do not cook the blood.  BOURDAIN: They put it into a hot soup.  RICKER: No. This is raw blood.  BOURDAIN: Really.  RICKER: There's two kinds that you can get here. One is the addition of ki ang(ph) which means young shit. So, it's basically the partially digested juice that's made from when a cow eats grass.  BOURDAIN: Shit juice. Oh, geez. Oh, no. I did not order that. We're not having that.  RICKER: OK. We're not having that.  BOURDAIN: We're not having that.  RICKER: OK. BOURDAIN: I'm thinking we'll stick to the plain blood soup, thank you very much.  RICKER: The way that they make it is they take the raw blood and they scrunch it with lemon grass for a long time. BOURDAIN: Right.  RICKER: Because that kind of kills the gamey flavor of the blood, helps with the coagulation and adds flavor. Then they actually make chopped lab. That meats that's raw, that goes in. Bunch of deep-fried krunai(ph) or innards.  (SPEAKING A FOREIGN LANGUAGE)  RICKER: Here it is.  BOURDAIN: You're not kidding. That's like a horror movie. Like CSI soup. I'm eating out of an open wound. Actually, that's completely delicious. Utterly delicious.  RICKER: That makes you look like a vampire. It's quite spicy. You can taste the chili. It doesn't really taste like blood. It just kind of tastes sweet and rich. Let's see if we can change your mind about brains.  BOURDAIN: Delicious. I'm not lying. This is delicious. Anyone would completely love this.  RICKER: You eat too much of it, you'll go blind. That's what they think. It has to do with parasites and all kinds of stuff.  BOURDAIN: Huh?  RICKER: Can I tell you some stories.  BOURDAIN: Whoa, back up there. Parasites?  RICKER: Two or three years ago, a whole family in Nan Province, all seven of them died.  BOURDAIN: You probably should have told me that during the appetizer course, OK? Honestly, best food I ever had in Thailand, ever.  RICKER: I'm super happy to hear that.  BOURDAIN: I'd eat it out of (inaudible) jockstrap on a hot summer's day. This is CNN. Oh, god.  (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN: In Chiang Mai you can move in and out. From the quiet green of the countryside to just a few miles away, the madness and chaos of Chiang Mai City. Second largest in Thailand. Spirituality, reflection, the serene beauty of the rice paddy, village life. Maybe next episode. This time, it's all about consuming medically inadvisable amounts of food and drink. If Thailand is one of the best countries to eat in, in Chiang Mai it's a particularly good city to find yourself hungry. Oh, that's the frog.  RICKER: That's the frog. It's basically taking that frog, grill him first, hack it up, fry the living bollocks out of it with garlic. BOURDAIN: Mm. There's almost an inverse relationship, like the more  hideous looking the dish, the more delicious it is. As you probably noticed by now, the food here is not Pad Thai or green curry chicken. There are complex layers of flavor, sophisticated balances, spicy, sour, a little bitter, salty, herby. Color and texture are important. Crispy, soft, cold, hot. It's exactly this interplay between elements that makes Northern Thai food so thrilling and so addictive.  RICKER: This place is called La Gouchung Cha. Larb is the dish that they're known for it's just a mints means solid(ph).  BOURDAIN: What is that curry material?  RICKER: That's one of the many stomachs of the cow. Might be the third stomach. Mine's bitter. It means it has a little bit of bile. The gentleman over there, uncle, he's the larb master. They win lard competitions. They're killing it, they're supporting a whole damn of family. The woman that just took the order, her family and her husband this guys who's a cashier, the uncle's -- when it gets really busy, the rest of the family comes and helps.  BOURDAIN: You famously said that you hate the word authentic. What does that word mean?  RICKER: Depends on the context. If you're in the United States and you say traditional authentic Thai restaurant, to me that has come to mean a standard Thai restaurant in America. That menu. When you come here, authentic is different. You're the daughter of the woman who made this, then to you this is the most authentic version of that dish. If you are from Nan province, you still make larb but it doesn't taste like this. A little bit different.  BOURDAIN: This larb is amazing. Friday night and Chiang Mai comes alive.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Thailand, we will come. We love you!  BOURDAIN: Andy has promised to compressed eating and drinking grand tour of the city. A bounce by Tuk-Tuk from one place to the other until we simply can't take it no more. Next stop, it ain't flavor town. It's some place beyond that, man. Way beyond.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Welcome to Thailand and happy day here in Chiang Mai.  BOURDAIN: On your mark, get set, go. Cheers. This may surprise you, but I am not an alcoholic. I don't drink at home ever. There's no beer in my fridge. If I'm not working, I'm not hanging out in bars. But if I was an alcoholic, and I did hang in bars, I would hang here.  RICKER: Some karaoke, maybe?  BOURDAIN: Even though the very mention of karaoke makes my blood run cold with fear.  (SINGING IN A FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN: You had the French fries?  RICKER: Yes, I did.  BOURDAIN: Apparently it's indigenous specialty.  RICKER: In Thailand, it's probably one of the most popular menu items. They always have food to eat when you drink.  BOURDAIN: What is the whiskey we're drinking, by the way? I really haven't paid attention.  RICKER: The whiskey we're drinking here is actually rum.  (SINGING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE)  BOURDAIN: This guy's good.  RICKER: It's one of the great things about a place like this. You'll never have to fill your own glass.  BOURDAIN: That could be me some day, I'm thinking. Things go just a little wrong, I go off the rails, this would be all too attractive. I could well see myself singing happy birthday in German to tourists at a hotel bar in Jakarta or Bangkok. I enjoy my time quite, this is a fantastic discovery. This is gonna stick in my head now, this song. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN: Chiang Mai at night. We are well on our way. To where, to what, I don't know, I don't much care. But I do know it's time to eat. In Thailand it's almost always a time to eat. Yes, and drink. We shall be doing that, too.  RICKER: The inevitable ice and beer. Way to drink beer in Southeast Asia.  BOURDAIN: Beer, you say? Oh, all right. In the interest of research, of course.  RICKER: You got beer, you got booze, you got ice, you got some grilled meat.  BOURDAIN: Snackage? Yes, I would like snacks.  RICKER: They've got pork chin and intestines. Got a spice dipping sauce. Ah, this is a Chinese liquor.  BOURDAIN: Oh, tastes like medicine.  RICKER: Yes. It also tastes like a dirty sock.  BOURDAIN: When did you come to Thailand first?  RICKER: I believe it was 1987. And I came as a backpacker. It was all about smoking dope on the beach, eating mushrooms, chasing girls and drinking beer. I had a three-month ticket and ended up staying away for four years. Here we go.  BOURDAIN: Oh, man. So, what was the dish? A dish in every traveler's life where they just said OK, my previous life is not gonna be enough for me anymore, you know?  RICKER: There's a particular mushroom. They make soup out of it. It was unlike anything I had ever had in my life.  BOURDAIN: When I first came out to this part of the world, noodles. I mean, I knew right then. I mean, I'm not joking. It wasn't the girls, it wasn't the beaches. The noodles, the greasy bottle of fish sauce and the smell. There's this terrible moment where you realize I can't share this. That's it.  RICKER: In about five seconds we will go past a woman who has a cowboy hat on.  (SPEAKING A FOREIGN LANGUAGE)  BOURDAIN: The lady with the hat stands out among the dozens of street vendors across from the old city's north gate.  RICKER: The best Khao Kha Moo or stewed pork leg in the city. Potentially none finer in Thailand.  BOURDAIN: Yeah, are we going? Are we doing that? For years, she's been serving this. Khao Kha Moo slowly stewed pork.  RICKER: She cooks it in a master sauce,(inaudible) master sauce, where you cook it in the same thing. It probably goes back at least a generation.  BOURDAIN: Like sherry, there's a little bit of the original batch still in there.  RICKER: Exactly.  BOURDAIN: Just hacking dead (ph) meat all day and there's like not a drop on the frilly...  RICKER: This is a sauce that goes with it. It's kind of like a sour chili sauce. And then, you got to have some of these pickled mustard greens, too.  BOURDAIN: That's really tasty.  RICKER: This place is just famous as hell. Half the people here are tourists, probably Chinese tourists.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN: Let's do it.  RICKER: You want to stick your feet in some fish water?  BOURDAIN: No. RICKER: No.  BOURDAIN: All right. Let's go, guys. I need to stop at a sports bar. I need to have some chicken wings. I need to have some like fried mozzarella sticks. I need to go to a gun range, more beer, more food.  RICKER: If you go on the sidewalk it will take us like ten minutes to get 50 feet. So, kind of stay to your right and don't get killed.  BOURDAIN: What was I saying? Oh, yes. Beer loves crispy. Beer loves salty. Beer loves fatty. Spicy, salty, fried, together? Happiness.  RICKER: OK. No beer.  BOURDAIN: OK. What are they drinking?  RICKER: They're drinking water.  BOURDAIN: Clear, kidney cleaning water. So, good, and so important to a healthy lifestyle. I would imagine. Midnight nam prik num That's what you do after you've had a few drinks -- maybe a lot of drinks, meaning a lot of drinks, because what you need, maybe you didn't know you need it but you do, is Nam Prik, Thai Chili dip.  RICKER: Yeah. Nam prik is what the vast majority of Thai people who live in America who come to Thailand to visit and go back end up getting busted at the airport for trying to bring in.  BOURDAIN: We get two kinds. Nam Prik Tua Daeng. RICKER: It's a combination of chilis, garlic, shrimp paste, dried fish.  BOURDAIN: And this.  RICKER: Colloquially (ph) known midnight nam prik num.  BOURDAIN: Create from roasted green chillies, accompanied by God's preferred delivery systems for beer-friendly goodness. A whole bunch of deep-fried little salty meaty delicious things, yes, please.  Yes. And something I loved from the first mouthful I ever had right here in Chiang Mai all those years ago, Thai pork sausage.  RICKER: Crispy, meaty, salty.  BOURDAIN: I love it. I want to rub it all over my body. This sauce is just so amazing. Somehow the thing you need right now. This is totally the thing I need right now. Oh, that's so good.     (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN: OK, come to me, my love, right now, you big nasty unfamiliar semi-cooked egg. Oh, that's so good. I once wrote your body isn't a temple, it's an amusement park. Enjoy the ride. But that was before I had a daughter and a respectable job at CNN. So, when that little voice in my head, said call it a night, quit while you're ahead, I probably should have listened. Wait, where did we leave off? Ah, yes, now I remember. Bouncing to one bar after another.  RICKER: We're going that way. Which way?  BOURDAIN: That way.  RICKER: OK. Good.  BOURDAIN: Andy and I have clearly tuk-tuked our way well beyond the threshold of acceptable conduct. But we call it a night, quit while we're ahead? No.  RICKER: We're gonna head over to see a Time-Honored tradition.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Ladies and gentlemen...  RICKER: The lady boy cabaret.  BOURDAIN: Let's do that. All right. Here it is. Lady boys, as they're known in Thailand, have led to many an embarrassing moment for the amorous cowboy too buzzed to notice or care much about the details.  RICKER: My first experience with this kind of an atmosphere in Thailand happened in Ko Pha Ngan in the 1987. I met this girl and I was like stoked because it was like oh, she's into me and like at some point she sat on my lap and she's like oh, well, I have to go now, I have to go do something. She gave me a kiss. I was like I'm in.  BOURDAIN: Right.  RICKER: And the show started. You have to forgive a guy for making a mistake.  BOURDAIN: Many of the lady boys frankly are pretty spectacular looking, especially the ones who have breasts.  RICKER: You know the women are harshing the buzz. It should be a guy thing.  BOURDAIN: Absolutely.  RICKER: They should have a sports bar.  BOURDAIN: Actually, that's a brilliant idea. A lady boy show in a sports bar. You can watch football, drink a lot of beer and around beer number eight, bring out the lady boys.  Just my luck. At a show like this, what happens? Like she says. I end up kissing the one lady boy in Thailand who looks like Ernest Borgnine straight on the lips. Of course, I am completely oblivious to the day- glow white lipstick all over my face. Out of context photos of me here tonight end up on the internet. This could look bad. Watch the show. Oh, yeah.  Totally going home alone, by the way. Just want to make sure that's established to the company. In spite of all evidence to the contrary.  (COMMERCIAL BREAK) RICKER: Snacks?  BOURDAIN: Snacks. Let's go eat. This train has long ago come off the rails. One bar after another. It's time Andy and I head to an appropriate follow-up to a night like we've had. More food, quickly, this has become an emergency situation. There it is. Drunken noodles dude.  RICKER: Pad kimao is actually not a noodle dish. Something served with rice.  BOURDAIN: How can it be drunken noodles with no noodles? This is what we need, whatever it is.  RICKER: It's something devised for drunken people to eat.  BOURDAIN: That's us. Something to sop up the roiling tide of (inaudible) sloshing around in my stomach, and I need to sober up in case Ernest Borgnine calls. She said she'd call. I feel so used.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) RICKER: I live in town, in the north they love to eat pork here. Look at all the damn chilis. There's a lot of chilis here. We got these fresh red ones. We've got these green ones that are sliced and stir- fried in there. Then we've got small green peppers.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) RICKER: Whoa! That's hot. Whew! I breathed in, got hit with the chili.  BOURDAIN: Yeah.  RICKER: Down the side of the throat.  BOURDAIN: Yeah. You know when you have been really hit by super hot and you feel like having a brain hemorrhage? It's like an ice cream headache but like a pepper headache.  RICKER: Yeah. And your vision starts to tunnel out.  BOURDAIN: You're halfway through and you're aware that your hair has just burst into flames. That perfect balance of pain and pleasure and more pain, brain flooding with endorphins and all is well with the world, until tomorrow morning. So, I've had a couple cocktails. Maybe we should like totally get a tattoo tomorrow, man.  RICKER: Magic tattoos.  BOURDAIN: Time for bed.  So, I woke up in a state of confusion and deep concern after inadvertently making out with Ernest Borgnine last night. I have spiraled into some identity crisis. Inadvertently making out with Ernest Borgnine, I would like to say. It was very dramatic. I need to go to a strip club and watch a football game, mow the lawn and barbecue all at the same time. I hope some of you moved on. I don't mean that in a figurative way. I can't talk. It hurts to talk. Get out. Every region has sort of an iconic dish. They're talking the word of Thailand, Chiang Mai. This is it, hearty broth of curry, coconut, noodles and spices. I'm all over that. Oh, yeah. Mm. Needs some more onions. The boys at the bar tonight are going to be in for a surprise if they move in for a smooch. Damn, that's good. I am a big believer in a healthy nutritious breakfast. It's the most important meal of the day. My doctor said that. Of course, he also said that just about everything I love and hold dear is killing me, so what does he know. Attention, hippies. This is a salad. Clean papaya salad, that's not really a local thing. It's a piece of something but I couldn't resist. Spicy papaya salad, some (inaudible) I got to find a Catholic church. Bless me, father, for I have sinned. I kissed a man on the mouth. Oh, it burns like the fires of hell. Burn away sin. Burn away.      (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN: OK. Last mealtime, last lap, stagger across the finish line.  RICKER: Meow.  BOURDAIN: Andy's favorite spot in Chiang Mai. A family-run restaurant named Auntie Deng's Hammered Meat, and the jokes pretty much write themselves, folks.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN: No, every year, every year. Andy has been coming here forever since it was only Auntie Deng's slightly slapped meat. He is practically family.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE)  RICKER: SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) RICKER: SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) RICKER: SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) OK. OK. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN: Hammered meat here anyways, beef or pork has been charcoaled grill and pulverized in rope beef thread (ph) and then given a distinct texture and served with spicy chili in galongo (ph) dip.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) RICKER: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) RICKER: Oh, so, I guess that I have been accepted by the family, and I will be living in the house here next door, and my job is going to be to smash beef with the hammer every night, probably for the rest of my life.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) RICKER: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN: This woman has expectations, dude.  RICKER: I am in deep, deep trouble.  BOURDAIN: It is pretty obvious. What if they didn't pound it before they cook?  RICKER: It wouldn't look like that if they didn't pound it before they cooked it. The whole idea... (CROSSTALK) BOURDAIN: Classic. Mm. That's good.  RICKER: Chewy. Hmm. Still chewy, and still chewing.  BOURDAIN: And because Andy is a VIP and potential future son-in-law, dad is sporting his 40 amulets with protection, brings out the chef's special, a bitter soup with buffalo tendon (inaudible). That doesn't sound good. Oh, that is addictive right away.  RICKER: Deep and dark basis and you are getting some of the heat?  BOURDAIN: Yeah. You know, we talked about once you experience some of the sensory pleasures of the east, your previous life just isn't adequate anymore.  When the journey is coming to an end, when the movie is over, what's left to do? Oh, yes, wrap things up. I think, we've learn something here today in Chiang Mai, I can't summon what it is might be right now, you know, I was thinking of what Muhammad just said, you know, don't tell me what a man knows on what he says, tell where he is trapped, you will learn stuff. Maybe it is to remember to bring something to remove makeup before hitting the cabarets.  RICKER: Like, the first time I spent a long period of time in Thailand, that sort of greatness, the spiciness and the simple elements making kind of -- this bright explosion of flavors and when I got back home, I immediately like wished I could be back in Thailand.  BOURDAIN: Or maybe just say screw it, and have a good time. It is quite beautiful. Thank you so much.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE)  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE)  RICKER: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE)  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE)  (MUSIC)      ANTHONY BOURDAIN, HOST (voice-over):  It takes a special breed to live in a province like Quebec.  It gets cold in winter, and winters are long.  It takes a special kind of person for whom frozen rivers, icy wind-whipped streets, deep seemingly endless forests are the norm.       I will confess my partisanship up front.  I love Montreal.  It is my favorite place in Canada.  The people who live there are tough, crazy bastards, and I admire them for it.  Toronto, Vancouver, I love you, but not like Montreal.  Why?  I shall explain.  All will be revealed.  In the meantime, check this guy out.        (On camera):  What's the Post Office's motto?  Neither rain nor sleet nor driving snow nor plague of locusts prevent the mail carrier from delivering my junk mail?        (Voice-over):  Here in Montreal, the simple task of delivering the mail in winter comes with its own set of hurdles.  Icy hurdles.        (On camera):  I got to ask, do you have special equipment for this?        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  We've got on, like, slip on boots.  We do have our boots in the rains -- sorry, when it gets icy with the spikes on them.  And they give us also slip on the spikes for when it's icy.        BOURDAIN:  Any sort of city ordinance that you have to shovel or -- they're not penalized financially?        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  No, nothing like that.        BOURDAIN:  Any injuries in the line of duty?        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I've had several, like, tumbles, one incident I was off for two months.  I thought I broke my ankle.        BOURDAIN:  What is the most perilous aspect of the job?  Would it be dogs or icy stairs?        (LAUGHTER)      UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  In this area there's a lot of dogs, but I would say icy stairs.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  It's one thing to have to work outside in this wintry mess, but it takes a strange and wonderful kind of mutant to actually find it pleasurable like, well, these two gentlemen.       (On camera):  Do you like the cold?  I mean, by you, I mean the  Quebecoise.        FRED MORIN, CO-OWNER, JOE BEEF:  It cleans the streets of (INAUDIBLE).        BOURDAIN:  The cold?        MORIN:  Yes.        DAVE MCMILLAN, CO-OWNER, JOE BEEF:  The frigid cold keeps the riffraff out of the city, for sure.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Fred Morin and Dave McMillan, restaurateur, chefs at the legendary Joe Beef, (speaking in foreign language), historians of their beloved great white north, princes of hospitality.        And what do men like these do for fun when the rivers turned to ice three-feet thick, when testicles shrink and most of us scurry for warmth and shelter?  If they were like so many other Canadians, they would go ice fishing on the St. Lawrence River.        MCMILLAN:  The cabin fever induces in the Quebecoise family because we are confined perhaps to spend so much time indoors.  A lot of the families love to do, you know, activities together, like this, go to the cottage, goes ice fishing, you know, it gets you out of the house.  And it's very much a family thing.        BOURDAIN:  Like many of their ilk, they seek one of the temporary small towns of sled-born cabins, drill a hole in the ice, and wait. But these are not normal men.        (On camera):  So is Quebec better than the rest of Canada?        MORIN:  Obviously.        MCMILLAN:  Yes.        BOURDAIN:  I mean, come on.  You can't think about that long.        MORIN:  No.        BOURDAIN:  Now wait a minute.  Now are strippers paid hourly here?  Is that right?  It's not a tip system?        (LAUGHTER)      MORIN:  It's considered an art -- a performance art.        BOURDAIN:  You consider it a performance art.  So how does that work?  You don't --        (CROSSTALK)      MCMILLAN:  You pay for a song.  You pay for a song.  And then --       BOURDAIN:  You pay per song.        MCMILLAN:  Yes.  And then you can get a dance in the back, which is a private dance.  And that's 10 bucks a song, five bucks a song in public.        MORIN:  That's why I go to (INAUDIBLE) strip because the songs are super-long.        (LAUGHTER)      I'm a bit (INAUDIBLE).  You know, I go for the king shrimp and lap dance.        (LAUGHTER)      BOURDAIN (voice-over):  After a suspiciously stunned-looking fish emerges from the deep, previously whoof (ph) and all by an eager producer no doubt, it is ignored, because Fred and Dave do things differently.  No crudely fried fish and bread crumbs for these large living 19th Century men.        (On camera):  Wow.  Holy shit.  Look at that.        (Voice-over):  Instead, a hearty lunch of French classics, accompanied by many fine wines and liqueurs, as befitting gentlemen of discerning taste who've exhausted themselves in the wild.        (On camera):  So this is how you live?        MCMILLAN:  Well, more often than not, yes.        MORIN:  We always have to travel well and eat properly.  We're taking a natural white wine, (INAUDIBLE), white burgundy.  These are Glaser bay oysters as well as a couple Boujelois thrown in there.        MCMILLAN:  They're delicious in my prized possession those little --        (CROSSTALK)      BOURDAIN:  Yes.        MCMILLAN:  I mean, the funnest part about the restaurant business isn't the cutlery.  It's just the spoon is absolutely gorgeous.  You know, Fred has a wonderful collection of tableware.  Without getting, you know, snobby or elitist, you know, eating off vintage tableware is one of the great joys out of life.        BOURDAIN:  Well, this is the interesting paradox of you guys. You aspire to -- to run a democratic establishment, and yet you are hopeless romantics when it comes to --        MCMILLAN:  Painful nostalgics.        BOURDAIN:  The art of living.  Right?  What the --       (Voice-over):  Sustenance is required.        (On camera):  Holy -- look at this.        (Voice-over):  Like say a consomme of oxtail to begin.  Followed perhaps by a chilled lobster a la Parisian?        MCMILLAN:  The art of dining is kind of disappearing much to our chagrin.  I work super hard at being an excellent dining companion.        BOURDAIN (on camera):  When seeking excellence in a dining companion, what qualities does one look for?        MCMILLAN:  I turn my phone off.  I -- you know, I never put my elbows on the table.  I don't --        BOURDAIN:  Really?        MCMILLAN:  Of course.  Come prepared with stories.  Don't drink too much, don't become sloppy.        BOURDAIN:  Come prepared with anecdotes?        MCMILLAN:  Absolutely.        BOURDAIN:  No elbows on the table?        MCMILLAN:  No, it's not -- it's not proper.        BOURDAIN:  I'm a total failure as a dining companion.  What is that?        (Voice-over):  What's that, you ask?  An iconic (INAUDIBLE) era classic of gastronomy?        (On camera):  Look at that sauce.  Holy crap.        (Voice-over):  The devilishly difficult (INAUDIBLE) ala Royale, a boneless wild hair, in a sauce of its own blood, a generous heaping of fresh black truffle, garnished with thick slabs of foie gras, seared directly on the top of the cabin's wood stove.        (On camera):  Damn, look at that.        MCMILLAN:  We're in a wooden shack, over three feet of ice, and 100 feet of water.        BOURDAIN:  You are hopeless, hopeless romantics, gentlemen.  Oh, Jesus.  Look at that.  Oh.        (Voice-over):  The seared foie is perched atop in ethereal suspension of Joe (INAUDIBLE) inspired potato puree.  Of course.        MCMILLAN:  This is (INAUDIBLE) from (INAUDIBLE) Vineyard by Teddy (INAUDIBLE).        BOURDAIN (on camera):  Nice.        MCMILLAN:  That's wonderful.        BOURDAIN:  Yes, yes, it is.  Really, is there a -- is there billionaire or a despot anywhere out on Earth who at this precise moment is eating better than us?        MCMILLAN:  No.        BOURDAIN:  No.  Look at that.        MCMILLAN:  (Speaking in foreign language)      BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Cheese.  There must be cheese.  In this case, a voluptuously reeking Epoisses, who some less hardy outdoors might call overripe, but not us.        (On camera):  This is awesome.  What do we have here?        MCMILLAN:  A few Cuban.        BOURDAIN:  Wait a minute, you guys have a much more relaxed attitude towards the importation of Cuban cigars.        (Voice-over):  Chartreuse, of course, and a desert as rare as it gets, a dinosaur era monster long believed extinct.        MORIN:  This is Gateau Marjolaine.        BOURDAIN (on camera):  Who does this?        MORIN:  It's one of those, like, painful nostalgic things.        BOURDAIN:  Right.        (Voice-over):  Layers of almond and hazelnut meringue, chocolate butter cream.        (On camera):  My god, look at that.  Damn, that's good.        (Voice-over):  For these guys, this is normal.  This is lunch.        MORIN:  Some days it's like playhouse in my house, it's French playhouse.        BOURDAIN (on camera):  Yes, what do you do?        MCMILLAN:  They get dressed at their house.        BOURDAIN:  No way.  Tell me all about it.        MCMILLAN:  Yes.  The kids, too.        BOURDAIN:  He's a dandy.        MCMILLAN:  He's a dandy.       MORIN:  A Sunday dandy.  Last time I did, I did (INAUDIBLE),  primrose and the Linzer Torte, I made (INAUDIBLE) caramel, I made salad a la orange.        BOURDAIN:  Right.        MORIN:  I made (INAUDIBLE).        BOURDAIN:  Right.        (CROSSTALK)      MORIN:  With a creme fraiche, and then a huge cheese curd that was about like 15 kinds of cheese.        BOURDAIN:  Right.  And how many people are in your family at this meal?        MCMILLAN:  Him and his wife, and two young boys.        (CROSSTALK)      BOURDAIN:  And how old are the kids?        MORIN:  Two and 4.        BOURDAIN:  So you, your wife and a 2-year-old and a 4-year-old.        MORIN:  They don't make it to the end, usually, after like -- I have to like prematurely open --        (CROSSTALK)      MCMILLAN:  They don't like (INAUDIBLE)?        BOURDAIN:  And I'm thinking this, and I'm think, well, that's really tough, but I'm also thinking, you know, I've got to do that.  I want to do that.  And actually my daughter would totally be into it.        (COMMERCIAL BREAK)      BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Once every few decades, maybe every century, a nation will produce a hero.  An Escoffiere, a Muhammad Ali, a Dalai Lama, a Joey Marrone, someone who changes everything about their chosen field, who changes the whole landscape.  Life after them is never the same.        Martin Picard is such a man.  A here-to-for, an encounter hybrid of rugged outdoorsman, veteran chef, with many years of fine dining experience.  Renegade, innovator, he is one of the most influential chefs in North America.  He is also a proud Quebecois, and perhaps he more than everyone else has defined for a new generation of Americans and Canadians what that means.        He's an unlikely ambassador for his country and his province. Maybe not so unlikely.  I mean, look at him.  Out for a day, trapping beaver with local trapper Carl.        (On camera):  So the bait is wood?        MARTIN PICARD, CHEF:  Yes, just the bark.        BOURDAIN:  They eat the bark?        PICARD:  Yes, yes, yes.        BOURDAIN:  I understand in pioneer days, beaver was the financial engine of Canada?        PICARD:  Yes.        BOURDAIN:  Empires were built on it.  Every hat practically in the world was made of a beaver pelt.        PICARD:  That's why today it's the icon of Canada.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  To a lesser extent, the tradition continues today.  Carl continues to trap, usually called on by provincial officials to trap beaver and clear away dams and control what could become an destructively over populated situation.        (On camera):  Hello, my little friend.        PICARD:  This is a young one.  And those are the ones we want to eat.        BOURDAIN:  What would you compare the meat to?  Is there anything like it.        PICARD:  That's the thing, you know, there's nothing like it. You know, when you eat beaver, you understand that it's beaver.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Martin, along with an encyclopedic knowledge of fine wines and an attachment to the music of Celine Dion, is a big believer in honoring history and tradition.  If you still trap beavers, you should, if at all possible, cook them and eat them, not just strip them of their pelts.  And as incredible as it might seem, you can cook beaver really, really well.        Beaver tail, on the other hand, is not actually beaver at all, rather a quick spoonbread type of thing that in our case goes somewhat awry during an inadvertent inferno.        (On camera):  The sauce, it almost looks like chocolate.  So rich looking, huh?        PICARD:  I love it.  When it's like this.  Some people don't put too much blood, but I like when it's very thick.        BOURDAIN:  Wow.  It's absolutely delicious.        PICARD:  Yes, it is.  I wasn't joking about it.        BOURDAIN:  It tastes like chicken.        (LAUGHTER)      No, it doesn't take like chicken at all.        PICARD:  This is your first time?        BOURDAIN:  Yes.        PICARD:  Wow.  That's something.  I think you almost eat everything.        BOURDAIN:  Yes, at this point, you know animals, they see me and they're like oh --        (LAUGHTER)      PICARD:  No, no.  Not him.        BOURDAIN:  Yes.  Not that guy.        (On camera):  There's a joke around here somewhere, but to tell you the truth, the stuff is just too good.        (Voice-over):  It's like 10 below zero in this freaking town. And that generally does not spell good time for me.  A good time for me is more like a palm tree, a beach, a swimming pool, with only cold thing is my beer.  But no.  These hearty culinarians of the north like to frolic in the snow and ice.  More accurately they like to obey their genetic Quebecois imperative to risk dental and maxillofacial injury, by skating around, slapping at a hard disk, trying to drive it in each other's general direction.        I believe they call this sport hockey.        (On camera):  This is not in my blood.  Do you skate?        MCMILLAN:  Yes, we grew up on rinks like this.        BOURDAIN:  Does everyone in Quebec, it's pretty much obligatory?        MCMILLAN:  Yes.        BOURDAIN:  Here's your stick, kid.        MCMILLAN:  What else can you do?  There's no reason to live here if there's no hockey.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Hockey rinks pop up all over the city to accommodate Montreal's desire to risk teeth, groin and limb.  And right behind Fred and Dave's restaurant Joe Beef, a pickup game of chefs, cooks and hospitality professionals is under way.        (On camera):  Some of these guys have put (INAUDIBLE) a little long and a tooth to be out there, swinging sticks at each other and skidding around in the ice.  This is normal behavior.  People actually do this for fun?        MCMILLAN:  Yes.  Yes.  Absolutely.  This is every day Quebecois, growing up, playing hockey.  Canadian national sport, man.        BOURDAIN:  Right.  And this young one is already being indoctrinated.  Hello, young man.        MCMILLAN:  You want to play?  Are you good at hockey?  Are you going to be a goalie or a player?        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  A player.        BOURDAIN:  Wow.        MCMILLAN:  A player.        BOURDAIN:  Am I going to get, like, a mouth full of puck, by the way?        (Voice-over):  Being catered with Fred and Dave's usual restraint.        MCMILLAN:  Come eat.        BOURDAIN:  Hot coco in Styrofoam cups?  No, try a titanic Chucrute Garni ala (INAUDIBLE), containing Flintstone-sized hunks of pork belly, (INAUDIBLE), bacon, homemade Boudin Blanc, kielbasa, smoked chops, plus veal and pork links.        (On camera):  Oh, yes, this is a truly heroic Chucrute.        MCMILLAN:  Look at that beautiful work of linking (INAUDIBLE).        BOURDAIN:  This dish is the single best argument for sharing a border with Germany.        (Voice-over):  And, of course, the finest wines known to humanity.        MCMILLAN:  German wine, Silvaner, in pirate bottles.        BOURDAIN (on camera):  Sweet.  What am I drinking here?        MCMILLAN:  Canadian Riesling.  This is Norman Hardie Riesling from Prince Albert County five hours from here.  Amazing wine.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  There's an allegory here somewhere.  I'm reaching for it.  Something about Fred and Dave's reckless abandon, coupled with precision and technique.  A hockey metaphor, perhaps. The hell with it.  Look, sausages.        (COMMERCIAL BREAK)      BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Montreal to Quebec City by rail.  160 miles of wintry vistas, whip past the windows, evocative for some of another time.       MORIN:  The Canadian caviar, Sturgeon Canadian caviar.        BOURDAIN:  I'm not sure about Dave McMillan, but in Fred Morin's perfect world, we would all travel by rail.  It would still be the golden age of rail travel.        (On camera): So tell me about the great Canadian rail system.        MORIN:  It's purely emotional.        BOURDAIN:  Really?        MORIN:  There's nothing rational about it.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Fred is what one might call conservatively an aficionado.        (On camera):  So how extreme is your railroad nerdism?        MORIN:  This is how bad it gets.        MCMILLAN:  You have other operating manuals?        BOURDAIN:  Of this model train.        MORIN:  Yes.  The model.        BOURDAIN:  So you have other operating manuals?        (Voice-over):  Books, printed ephemera, collectibles.  Fred retains an enduring love for the great iron horses that still take passengers across the frozen land he calls home.  But it's something more than just nostalgia.  It's also an appreciation for a dying art.        MORIN:  It's like the old cruise ships.  You transport your comfort, you know?        BOURDAIN:  For those halcyon days of cross-country rail, there were lavish dining cars, luxurious sleeping compartments, a bar car with liveried attendants.        MCMILLAN:  Look at the menus, how people used to eat on the trains.  It's also an inspiration on how we cook in the restaurant.        BOURDAIN (on camera):  Casserole and sweet breads and fresh peas with Veronese sauce.  Leg of lamb (INAUDIBLE) jelly.        MORIN:  Some very nice pictures in the dining by train book, with the guy holding the turkey and cutting the turkey.  And you order a drink, it comes from a bottle made out of glass, into a glass made out of glass.        BOURDAIN:  Right.        MORIN:  Which is kind of cool in our day and age.        BOURDAIN:  It goes back to service, doesn't it?  Thank you.        (Voice-over): We are presented with a perfectly serviceable omelet.  There may no longer be a smoking lounge with brass pitons, but this does not mean a traveler has to suffer.        (On camera):  So you always travel with a truffle shaver?        MORIN:  During truffle season.        BOURDAIN:  As a gentleman must.  Hold on.  Wait a minute.  I've got to get a inaction photograph.  Hold on.  Canadian rail.  People are going to be expecting, wait a minute, where is my fist-sized truffle?        (LAUGHTER)      MCMILLAN:  Can I get the truffle option, please?        BOURDAIN:  Oh, of course.  Don't forget the foie.        (Voice-over):  Quebec City, one of the oldest European settlements in North America.  Samuel de Champlain, known as the father of New France, sailed up the St. Lawrence and founded the site in 1608.  When the fighting started with you know who, Quebec City was the French stronghold until the bitter end when the French fell at the plains of Abraham.        The French may have lost that one, but some things French have stayed firm, unbowed, resiliently unchanged by trends or history.        The Continental is the kind of place about which I am unreservedly sentimental.        MCMILLAN:  When I was younger, I ate here with my grandparents and my parents, yes.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Well, that's older restaurant in town.  It's open since 1956.        BOURDAIN:  Classic, unironic, cuisine (INAUDIBLE), meaning dishes you haven't seen since like forever.  A hipster-free zone of French, continental, ocean liner classics such as Caesar salad, tossed fresh to (INAUDIBLE) tableside and beef tartare, also prepared tableside as one must.        Shrimp cocktail, not a deconstructed shrimp cocktail mind you, a shrimp cocktail, the way Jesus wants you to eat them.  All served by a dedicated professional.        (On camera):  In culinary school we were taught this.  I mean, real customers as your final class.  We had to do the (INAUDIBLE) of fruits, tableside, all of that, which inevitably would fly off the fork or land (INAUDIBLE) soup.  I was so bad at it.  I would run into trouble and I would be like, I'll be right back, behind the scene.  I bite with my teeth.  Stripping the thing.  At least once a day one of the students would set themselves or the customers on fire.       The bather would, like, spill, and they'd light, there'd be this  line from, like, the thing down up across the floor up their leg.        (Voice-over):  No, that shit doesn't happen here.  Like I said, professionals.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  This is going to go like a big fireball.        BOURDAIN (on camera):  Fireball.  Good.        (Voice-over):  The kind who know how to properly prepare these dishes.        (On camera):  Sweet.        MORIN:  Like a goose bump moment.        BOURDAIN:  Yes.        (Voice-over):  For Dave, another classic, filet de boeuf en (INAUDIBLE).  A filet mignon, a sauce made of cognac, cream and glass (INAUDIBLE).        (On camera):  That is nice.  Look at that.        (Voice-over):  And for Fred, scampi Newburgh.  When is the last time you saw the word "Newburgh" on a menu?        (On camera):  Awesome, absolutely awesome.        (Voice-over):  But for me, that most noble of dishes, Dover sole. This appears to be one of the few remaining servers alive who knows how to take that fish off the bone, sauce it, and properly serve it.        (On camera):  Thank you very much.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Bon appetit.        BOURDAIN:  Merci.  Man, I love this place.  I'm so happy.  It's very comfortable.  There's continuity in this world.        (Voice-over):  Across town, another thing entirely.  The younger, wilder L'affaire est Ketchup, which I'm reliably informed means everything is cool in local idiom.        At this point in my life, I just don't know anymore.  Are these young cooks, these servers, these dedicated entrepreneurs, are these hipsters?  Or am I just a cranky old who think anybody below the age of 30 is a hipster?  I don't know, but I admire them.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  So how much did it cost you when you opened?        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Not much.        BOURDAIN:  Look at this tiny electric four-burner stove.  At no point in my cooking career could I have worked with one of these without murdering everyone in the vicinity before hanging myself from the nearest beam.        (On camera):  How long did it take to adapt?        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I would say like three months.  At the beginning, I was lucky that I didn't have, like, a lot of customers. It was like, oh, man.  I was freaking out.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  And yet these kids today, look at them go, serving a wildly ambitious and quite substantial ever-changing menu out of this -- this Suzy homemaker oven.  Tonight there's razor clams with burned (INAUDIBLE), and a cream of haddock roe.        (On camera):  Very cool.  Thank you.  I love razor clams.        (Voice-over):  And coquille St. Jacques.  You'll notice that nobody in Quebec seems to skimp on the portions.  A (INAUDIBLE) of foie gras, head cheese with (INAUDIBLE) mustard, and Ris de veau truffe, that's truffled sweetbreads, and you got some goose hearts (INAUDIBLE) for good measure.        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Now the goose heart is excellent.  Goose heart.        BOURDAIN (on camera):  Hearts in general.        (Voice-over):  Also you got your morue salee with grilled tomato bread.  That's salt cod for you, Anglos.        I'm all swollen up, like the (INAUDIBLE), and ready to burst in a livery omni-directional mist.  Hotel motel time for me.        (COMMERCIAL BREAK)      BOURDAIN (voice-over):  How Canadian is Quebec?  Are they truly one entity or two?  This is a question that has been wrestled with for some time.  Quebec is certainly part of Canada, but in many ways both culturally, spiritually and linguistically, it's very much another thing entirely.  There's a lot of history, much of it contentious.  Go back far enough and you get a clearer picture of why.        The French arrived on the shores of Quebec City in the early 16th century that succumbed to the military might of Great Britain in the mid-18th.  Thus began a gradual but steady persecution of all things French.  The Quebecois had struggled mightily to hang on to their French heritage and language.  The issue of seceding entirely a notion that persists to some extent even today.        Journalist Patrick Lagace meets me at Bistro M Sur Masson to help me understand a little bit of what many Quebecois feel is at stake.        (On camera):  So I was going to talk about the whole history of French Quebecois identify.  A separatist movement, but I have to get right to the pressing matter of the day, pasta-gate.        (LAUGHTER)      PATRICK LAGACE, JOURNALIST:  Pasta- gate.  What do you want to know about pasta-gate?        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  For those not up on current Quebec politics, pasta-gate refers to an incident where local authorities notified an Italian restaurant that they were in violation of French laws because they used the word "pasta" which is Italian.        (On camera):  This is --        LAGACE:  OK.  Stop apologizing, OK?        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Don't get me wrong.  My last name is Bourdain.  I lean French.  Hard.        (On camera):  I am enormously sympathetic to the language laws.        LAGACE:  You don't think it's preposterous?        BOURDAIN:  I do not think it's preposterous.  But here we have a situation.        LAGACE:  It is stupid.  I agree with you completely that this province 40 years ago was in some respects an English city, so we needed to have language laws for signage and stuff.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Now signage, for instance, must by law be principally in French.  French first in all things.        LAGACE:  But ever bureaucracy produces byproducts of stupidity, and that was it.  And you know what?  It will not stand.        BOURDAIN:  The Anglo Canadians treated French-speaking Quebecois like second-class crap for much of history.  So I get it.  I'd be pissed, too.  I want my own thing and when I got it, I'd wake to make sure there's no backsliding to the bad old days.        LAGACE:  When the (INAUDIBLE) Quebecois, the first sovereignist party to be elected, it was in 1976, it didn't come out of a vacuum. It came out from a couple of decades of awakening and struggle.        BOURDAIN (on camera):  Fifty years from now, will people still speak in --        LAGACE:  French.        BOURDAIN:  -- predominantly French in Montreal?        LAGACE:  Yes.        BOURDAIN:  No doubt about it.        LAGACE:  No doubt about it.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  French first is something most would agree with.  How far and how rigorously you want to go with that? Well --       (On camera):  Do you think there was ever any possibility or real  majority or plurality of Quebecois who would have voted in separate nation status?        LAGACE:  You know, in English, you guys say timing is everything.       BOURDAIN:  Right.        LAGACE:  And timing was never better than in the period 1990, '91, '92, because in '95 this country came inches from being broken up.        BOURDAIN:  Close.  Yes.  And do you think it will ever happen in the history of the world?        LAGACE:  I don't know, but I know one thing.  Anybody who says separatism is dead in this country and this province is a fool.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  No matter how you feel about Quebec as either separate from or as an essentially part of greater Canada, any reasonable person loves this place.        (On camera):  Correct me if I'm wrong, Wilensky's is famous for the sandwich?  The special.        UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Wilensky special.  Right.        BOURDAIN:  And it was tradition does this fall?        UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  It's basically Eastern Europe.  It was a survival thing.  It was because they were poor.  And that's what they could make.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Wilensky's, an old-school corner institution around since 1932, serving up pressed beef baloney and salami sandwiches, or specials as they call them, along with egg creams and milkshakes.        (On camera):  So the special and an appropriate beverage and egg cream?  Very happy.        (Voice-over):  Here's how it goes.  There are rules.  The special is always served with mustard.  It is never cut in two.  Don't ask why, just because.  That's the way it's always been done.  A little respect for tradition, please.        (On camera):  I'm happy now.  You know?  Some things are beloved institutions for a reason.  This is delicious.  Thank you.        (COMMERCIAL BREAK)      BOURDAIN (voice-over):  The tradition of the cabane a sucre or sugar shack is as old as maple syrup here in Quebec, where 70 percent of the world's supply comes from.  Deeply embedded in the maple syrup outdoor lumberjack lifestyle is the cabin in the woods, where maple sap is collected and boiled down to syrup.       Over time, many of these cabins became informal eating houses,  dining halls for workers and a few guests, where a lucky few could sit at communal tables and enjoy the bounty of the trees and forests around them.        Martin Picard has taken this tradition to what is somehow both its logical conclusion and insane extreme, creating his own cabane a sucre open only during maple season and serving food stemming directly from those humble yet hearty roots.  It makes perfect sense in one way, I mean, 130 acres produce about 32,000 gallons of maple sap, which run through these tubes to here where they're cooked down to about 800 gallons of syrup, which is more or less what they use per season here.        Nothing leaves the proper.  And it makes sense, while you're here to raise hogs, and cattle on the property.  And maybe keep a cabin or two around for any friends who get too loaded to sleep it off.  But this?  This?  Is there really any reason for this?        (On camera):  What are you doing here?  Why do you have to make life so hard?  If money were your primary motivation --        PICARD:  No.        BOURDAIN:  This doesn't seem like the fasters road to untold wealth.        PICARD:  My grandfather, you know, had a sugar shack.  Everybody had a -- you can go back, you know, three generations, they had a sugar shack.  And I'm very proud of Quebec.  I'm very proud of Canada, you know?        BOURDAIN:  You celebrate Canadian history, you celebrate Canadian traditions, you celebrate Canadian ingredients in a way that no one else has.  Are you some kind of patriot?  Is that what's going on here?  Is it national Quebecois fervor?        (CROSSTALK)      MCMILLAN:  That's very much it.  He's very much a patriot.  I say it all the time, it's one of the most important restaurants to me, in North America if not the world.  It's an art installation if you actually -- if you look at it.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  The meal begins -- begins with a tower of maple desserts.        (On camera):  Good lord.        (Voice-over):  Sponge maple toffee, maple doughnuts, beaver tails, maple cotton candy, but wait, there's more.  Almond croissants, whip-it biscuits, some nougat.        (On camera):  There we go.  I think that's a first for me.  I've never seen that done.        MCMILLAN:  No?        BOURDAIN:  Not with a hammer.        (Voice-over):  Let the madness begin.  Next, a whole lobe of foie gras with baked beans on a pancake cooked in duck fat, of course, cottage cheese and eggs cooked in maple syrup.        (On camera):  Wow, that's awesome.        (Voice-over):  There's a healthy salad, sauteed duck hearts, gizzards, and pig's ear, topped with a heaping pile of fried pork rines.        (On camera):  Good lord.        (Voice-over):  And a calf brain and maple bacon omelet.  And these.        (On camera):  How is this made?        PICARD:  With love.        BOURDAIN:  With love.        (Voice-over):  Panko (ph) encrusted duck drumsticks with shrimp and salmon mouse and maple barbecue sauce.        (On camera):  Good lord.  Wow.        PICARD:  So this is a classic Quebecer dish, it's called la tourtiere, you know, a meat pie.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Tourtiere de Shack, a whole lot of cheese, foie gras, calf brain, sweetbreads, bacon and arugula, but with Martin, that's not sufficient.        PICARD:  Usually there's no truffle, but I just.        BOURDAIN:  Yes, black truffles.        (On camera):  More truffle.        PICARD:  There's going to be too much truffle.        MORIN:  My blood is getting thicker as I look that.        BOURDAIN:  And now the main course, a homegrown smoked right out front local ham with pineapple and green beans almondine.  And chicken, but with Martin the chicken is never just chicken.        PICARD:  That's (INAUDIBLE), with foie gras and lobster.  We pump lobster bisque in the chicken.        BOURDAIN (on camera):  In the chicken.        PICARD:  Yes.       BOURDAIN:  Good god.        (Voice-over):  There is a light at the end of the tunnel.        (On camera):  Someone should be singing the national anthem now, I mean really.        (Voice-over):  And practically prehistoric old school Canadian classic.  Maple syrup is heated, then poured on snow, becoming a kind of taffy, but the preferred delivery mechanism does present some issues.        PICARD:  No, no, no, no.  Take a big one, and you have to suck it.  Don't swallow it, you know.  Look, you have to go like that, slowly, slowly, no?  Slowly, slowly.  That's how it's good.  That's it.        BOURDAIN (on camera):  Got to do that in a manly way?  You just don't look down.  You sort of look away, a distracted way.  It's like I'm not really (INAUDIBLE).        MCMILLAN:  The best way is to look up.        (LAUGHTER)      BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Finally there's maple meringue cake and maple ice cream with chocolate shards.        (On camera):  Any suggestion on how to attack this?        MORIN:  We did it once.  I won the check (INAUDIBLE) for the ice cream cone.  Chefs suggest that eat the ice cream like that.        PICARD:  That's the thing.  I think there's too much focusing on the food.  You know?  Like, wow, this is very intellectual and I wow, and then blah, blah, and have done too much all those shit, you know? I don't want to do that.  I don't want to play game anymore.        MORIN:  Because food is feces in waiting.        (LAUGHTER)      BOURDAIN (on camera):  This is CNN.        (COMMERCIAL BREAK)      BOURDAIN (voice-over):  If there's one thing you always need on a cold snowy night, it's yet another hearty meal.  I meet back up with Fred and Dave in Liverpool House, the sister restaurant to Joe Beef.        MCMILLAN:  I think we always compensate a little bit with overabundance of food because of our insecurity of not being like good cooks.        MORIN:  You know, you know what, it's a combination of low self- esteem and generosity that explains the amount of food perhaps.       BOURDAIN:  First course.  Look at that.  Unbelievable.  Look at  the aspic work.        MORIN:  This is smoked veal and potatoes inside.  Salmon pastrami.        BOURDAIN:  But wait a minute, this is super classic.        (Voice-over):  And this.  Egg and aspic, soft boiled or poached egg in clear gelatin set broth classically garnished with white ham, tarragon leaves and black truffles.        (On camera):  Oh, my gosh.  I was pretty sure that I would live the rest of my life without ever seeing this again.  Delicious.        (Voice-over):  But tonight after a full week of Franco-Canadian full on assaults on our livers and our lights, Fred and Dave's sauce would be both delicious and merciful to take advantage of the somewhat lighter and insanely delicious fare by their brilliant chef Omar, who's from Pakistan.  Amazing authentic Pakistani food.        (On camera):  So what do we have here?        MORIN:  Butter chicken crab, octopus (INAUDIBLE), little eggplant grazed with (INAUDIBLE), pomegranate, a little mushrooms, rabbit (INAUDIBLE), fingerlings with (INAUDIBLE) fennel.  This is donkey in a hurry.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Yes.  He did say donkey meat.  Is there something wrong with that?  The dishes continue, a Pakistani gumbo with okra and coriander, and sesame seed and green pepper curry, hanger state (INAUDIBLE).  All beef scotched egg, a pouri (ph) with horse meat tartar and an authentic goat (INAUDIBLE).        (On camera):  Wow.        MORIN:  Are you full?        MCMILLAN:  Yes.  Food for 12.        BOURDAIN:  We did good work here.        (Voice-over):  In the end, but perhaps as a nod to the Anglo tradition however there will be stilt.        (On camera):  This is a genius meal.        (Voice-over):  These princes of gastronomy never a suboptimal moment, nothing short of excellent accepted.  Beyond excellent.  Too much excellent, yes, possibly.  Over the top?  Yes, definitely.        It all comes around in the end, the circle of life.  We begin at the beginning.  The heart and soul of every right-thinking Quebecois apparently.        Ice, a stick and a puck.  Fred and Dave and Martin Picard are joined by the original god of Montreal gastronomy, the great chef, Normand Laprise, to watch their beloved Montreal Canadians lay waste to the Carolina Hurricanes.  All the while eating, of course, and drinking as it turns out the finest wines known to humanity.        (On camera):  Yes.  Here we go.  Whoa.   ANTHONY BOURDAIN, HOST:  This is where I bought my first bag of heroin.  It was 1980.  I was 24 years old.  But in a lot of ways, my whole life up to that point was leading to this address.  Western Massachusetts, the unlikely new frontier of America's war on drugs, where heroin has become an exploding problem that's begun to touch nearly every family.   (MUSIC) BOURDAIN:  There's nothing like the North Atlantic.  It's majestic.  I love the beach.  Pretty much had my first everything on a beach.  You name it, first time I did it, beach.  I was miserable in love, happy in love, alternately, as only a 17-year-old could be.  This is where I lived.  Very happy summer in the early '70s, and that was my room on the left.  It's an amazing spot if you think about it, a bunch of knuckleheads working as dishwashers, waiters, pizza servers.  We could work on a beach like this.  You know, happier, stupider times.   You know, I can still hear the play list, Strawberry Letter and the Brothers Johnson.  If you put on Marvin Gaye right now, I'd burst into tears.  What do you do?  You're young, you go to the beach, you know, you get laid, and you get high.   It was here, all the way out at the tip of Cape Cod, Provincetown, Massachusetts, where the pilgrims first landed.  And it was where I first landed.   1972, washed in a town with a headful of orange sunshine and a few friends.  Provincetown, a wonderland of tolerance, long time tradition of accepting artists, writers, the badly behaved, the gay, the different.  It was paradise.   The joy that can only come with an absolute certainty that you're invincible, that none of the choices that you make will have any repercussions or any effect on your later life.  We didn't think about those things.  I don't even know what I thought I was going to be.  At that point, I certainly didn't think I was going to be a cook.  I don't know what I thought I was going to be.  I was just, you know, hanging out in a beautiful place.   A golden time.  I look back on those fuzzy memories, and they seem golden anyway.  Oh, there's John Waters.  First love.  And there's me. This guy, Johnny Yingling, was sort of a sinful figure in all of our lives.  JOHN YINGLING, SPIRITUS PIZZA:  Well, my name is John Yingling, and  this is Spiritus Pizza.  It's been here since 1971.  This town is everything to me.  Provincetown is a really special place, where people can be themselves.   We all did drugs, acted young and crazy, and Tony was -- he was probably a little wilder than some and not as wild as others.  But he was always the guy who I always liked.   BOURDAIN:  And you let me sleep on top of the walk-in.   YINGLING:  Right.  I actually remember that.   BOURDAIN:  At Spiritus. I cannot tell you how frequently I dream about Spiritus Pizza.  I'm walking down Commercial Street, and I'm sort of dimly aware that Spiritus has moved, and there's a sense of dislocation and a loss as I stumble around this sort of Provincetown dreamscape of 40 years ago. I was still here and living in hope.  Unbelievable.   Many of the old places in p-town are gone.  But the lobster pot is still going strong, all these years later, and still has what I want and need.  The essentials.   My friends worked in the kitchen here, starting the tradition among my set that cooking work was noble toil.  At that point, I never intended a career as a chef.   YINGLING:  It's great to be a cook.   BOURDAIN:  I was getting to that.  Yes.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  This is homemade Portuguese kale soup, made on the premises.   BOURDAIN:  It's been a long time, thank you.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Enjoy.   BOURDAIN:  Portuguese soup, a p-town version of the Azorean caldo verde, and just what I remembered.  Kale, fiery red chorizo, linguica, kidney beans, potatoes.   Oh, I missed you.  I missed you bad.   And that was precisely what I loved about the food here.  The Portuguese thing, dishes like this stuffed cod crusted with ground Portuguese sausage, bread crumbs, stuffed with scallop and crab.  Some sherry, red sauce.   I hadn't been working for a while, I was a deadbeat.  I was just scarfing off everybody else.  And Nancy Poole (ph) comes home from work and says, our dishwasher didn't show up today.  You are our new dishwasher.  And I said, oh, really?  And the next day I put on the apron and I didn't take it off for 30 years.  I'd wake up, all of us would go to the beach, hang out on the beach until like 2:00, 3:00.   YINGLING:  Yes, it was fun.   BOURDAIN:  Roll into work.  Work all night.  Drinking, getting high, drilling out food.  You have got all the food you wanted, all the liquor you wanted?   YINGLING:  All the sex you wanted.   BOURDAIN:  All the sex you wanted.   YINGLING:  It was true, it was fun.   BOURDAIN:  And yet it was still an essential part of the economy.   YINGLING:  It was a lot of fun, believe me, I remember.   BOURDAIN:  The flagship, it's where my cooking career started.  Where I started washing dishes, where I started have pretensions of culinary grandeur.   It would seem like a good gig for anybody.  Who else got to live like that during that time?  You had to sort of be in a band, here we were, we were dishwashers.   YINGLING:  Yes, you get a little older and you get a little more sense and you realize that like, you know, you got to like pace yourself a little bit.   BOURDAIN:  Otherwise, we still wouldn't be here.  Well, you know, many of our friends from those days didn't make it.   YINGLING:  Many of my friends are dead, yes.   BOURDAIN:  Keep drinking, keep drinking.  Thank you.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Thank you, Tony.   BOURDAIN:  This place has been here forever.   That used to be the back room.   YINGLING:  Back room's still there.   BOURDAIN:  See, it's all falling into place again.   YINGLING:  Yes.  It's not that much different.   BOURDAIN:  It's early spring now, but come Memorial Day, it gets crazy around here, and doesn't stop until Labor Day.  Provincetown was always gay-friendly, in my time and way, way before my time.  And this place, the Atlantic House, known always and forever by locals and visitors alike as the A House, is America's oldest operating gay bar. Everybody has come through these doors, so to speak.  Most notably, naked and frolicking Tennessee Williams.   (CROSSTALK)  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  No.  That's really too bad.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Everybody got seasick and started tripping.  Now that (inaudible) they all (inaudible) cocktails so I can get my sea legs back.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Oh really?   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  April Cabral (ph) owns the joint now, taking over for her father, the legendary Reggie Cabral, a forward-thinking dude if there ever was one.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  It was built in 1798.   BOURDAIN:  How long in the family?  In your family? UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Over 75 years.  My father during that time, he had Billy Holiday appeared, he had Nina Simone, Ella Fitzgerald, all the big names of jazz.   BOURDAIN:  How has town changed?  Has it changed?   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Oh, I think tremendously.  Gay lifestyle is much more accepted.   BOURDAIN:  Okay, 1972, my feeling was that this was a gay town, and that I was here at the pleasure of, you know, somebody else, which is sort of the opposite of everywhere outside of here at that time.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Oh, yes.   BOURDAIN:  This was a largely Catholic, Portuguese, conservative fishing community, but it was also known as Hell Town.   YINGLING:  Hell Town, there's where the puritans sent their rejects. Right out here. BOURDAIN:  Right.     YINGLING:  Yes. (CROSSTALK) YINGLING:  Not kidding.  Provincetown always had the mixture really of the Bohemian people and the fishermen, the pirates, the writers, the drunks, all that.   BOURDAIN:  Anyone who had a lifestyle outside the mainstream was welcome here pretty much.   YINGLING:  Whatever floats your boat.  You know.  It's all good.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  Over a century ago, Provincetown was a hard working fishing village with multigenerational families of fishermen.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  My name's Bo Gribbon (ph).  My father fished, and I was pretty much raised here my whole life.  Where I'm from.  This is who I am.  But it used to be like two out of three families in this town, in this community, were fishing families.  Most of them are now gone.  And we're really like a minority.  Used to be a fishing community with a homosexual problem.  Now it's a homosexual community with a fishing problem. BOURDAIN:  The first Portuguese fishermen arrived here in 1840.  The main families created a community built around fishing, and this town lived off that industry well into the 20th century.  It persisted even when I was here, keeping up old Catholic fishing traditions like the blessing of the fleet.  These days, however, there are fewer and fewer boats to bless.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  My name's Scott Roe (ph), I'm a commercial fishermen.  Sea scallops, fourth generation.  Started when I was 5. It was cool back then.  There were like 70, 80 boats here, there were five or six feet, now it's just down to like seven or eight.  Now I'm wicked proud of my heritage and I would never do anything else.  This is my office, man, look at it.  I'm going to do this until I can't move anymore.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  We were all on the town like clockwork, 2:30, 3:00 in the morning, it's quiet, the town's been ripped up all night long. We come down here, hit the water.  What could be better?   BOURDAIN:  Good time to be here, and nice weather today.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes, nice day.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Little breezy.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Might be a little nautical.  A little bit.   BOURDAIN:  I'm sure I'll be fine, I've watched "The Deadliest Catch." So.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Are you ready?   BOURDAIN:  I'm ready.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Time to press the fun button.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Clear? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  All clear. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Used to be this was the best thing in the world. The greatest thing about fishing was, you were kind of like a cowboy, like a pioneer, you could go out, and as hard as you could push, competition was welcomed.  We were fiercely independent.  Independence is like little by little by little taken away.  BOURDAIN:  Is there a limited number of stuff out there?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Well, there's a total allowable catch.  We're on a 600 pound trip right now.   BOURDAIN:  And the payout ain't much.  Do the math, a good day of scalloping brings in, say, 9,000 bucks.  From that 9,000, take away 3,000 for the lease, 1,000 for fuel, and split the remainder amongst the crew.  And on top of that, fishing is really just a crap shoot. Many days, there's simply nothing to catch.   BOURDAIN:  Why the [ bleep ] are you doing this?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  We love to do it.   Like for us, we say it all turns to ship when we come around the break water.  Once we get out to there, we feel like we're at home.   BOURDAIN:  Like I said, it ain't easy.  Today, according to Bo, Scott, and Zeb, this was just a little breeze.   How rough does it have to be when you look out and say I'm not going out today?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It starts like blowing like 30, 35.  We like days like this because the competition stays in.   BOURDAIN:  Really?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  My dad used to say if you're staying dry, you're not making any money.  We're fishing.   (CROSSTALK)  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Not too often.  No.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I hate when that happens.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes, it's a bummer.  In the summer, you'd be able to smell the coconut, another big trick we have.  Now the guys decided they like this part of the beach, right.  So they're all out here, nude sunbathing.  So I pick up my glasses and I tell them, wow, look at the breasts on that girl.  And you give it to them and they see something they weren't expecting to see.  Works every time, though.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I can't believe you didn't cook nothing.   I can't believe it, man.   BOURDAIN:  What?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Got Anthony Bourdain on deck and we don't have nothing to eat.   The best part of it, the anticipation to see what's in there.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Oh every time.  I'm like, I just can't wait.  You're like, look and you're like what's going to be in there?  What's going to be in there?  Sometimes it's a disappointment.  But a lot of times, it's disappointment.   (LAUGHTER) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  How many did we get?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  A few.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Is there?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  All right, we're out.  That's why it's fishing and not catching.   BOURDAIN:  Yep.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Going to taste all that much better.   BOURDAIN:  This place was -- has been here forever when I rolled into town.  How long has that place been open?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  For a long time.   I think this is the only place in town that's unchanged.   (CROSSTALK) BOURDAIN:  Yes, how long do I have to drink here to get my face up there?  40 years?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Couple more years.   BOURDAIN:  Back when I worked in town for fishermen, there was the Folksel (ph), Cookie's Tap Room (ph), and this place.  The Old Colony. Of the three, it's the only one left.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes, baby.   BOURDAIN:  Oh, wait a minute, I recognize these.  You guys eat scallops?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  As brawny, hard working men of the sea, we deserve these beers, these finest of all oysters, the wellfleets.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Wow.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Finest oysters known to man.   BOURDAIN:  These are fantastic.  Wow, what a treat.  Is there going to be a next generation of fishermen in the family?  What happens after you guys?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  The next generation of fishermen that are like  coming on to our boats, they're opportunist for the income, it's not for the love of being on the water.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  This is the end.  The fishing is going to die. Cheers.   BOURDAIN:  All right.  Thank you, guys.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Cheers.   BOURDAIN:  This is going to end badly.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Cheers.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Cheers.   BOURDAIN:  This is a nice house.  Man, it just feels like I never left in a lot of ways.  But it was 40 years later almost.  That was the Sodom and Gomorra by the sea over there, you know, a big candy store for horny, stupid, 17-year-olds with a taste for chemicals.  You know, I was an angry young man.  What the hell was so I angry about?  It came as a rude surprise to me when I turned 30 because I always sort of figured I'd be dead by then.   I was still quite some time away from my first bag of heroin, but, you know, in a lot of ways, it was a foregone conclusion.  My whole life was sort of leading up to that point.  To my first bag of dope.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  I left Provincetown with restaurant experience, a suntan, and an ever deepening relationship with recreational drugs.  I went to culinary school, then to New York City, and never returned.  Today, however, I'm staying in Massachusetts, heading over to the western part of the state, one of the most beautiful areas of the country. The gorgeous mill towns, Victorian houses, deeply felt famously upright New England values, Norman Rockwell America, where something really inexplicable and unexpected has happened.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  New England is a new mecca for heroin use.   (CROSSTALK)  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  -- but never happened before.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Detectives are working around the clock. Dealers are making a killing.   BOURDAIN:  Not New York or Baltimore or L.A. or Chicago, but rural towns like this one are now statistically ground zero for the heroin epidemic.   What the hell happened?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  The next couple years, if this heroin use trend continues to grow, it may be beyond getting a handle on.  I'm a detective with the Greenfield Police Department here, and my focus is undercover and narcotic investigations.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  This is a well-known area to us, and very active.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Heroin use in the past year, it's just increased to a level I've never seen any other drug come into an area.  People who are in it are all going to be affected.  It hasn't topped out yet.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Someone you have known, someone you went to school with, someone you work with.   BOURDAIN:  So, Sonny Crockett gets a Ferrari.  What's wrong with this picture?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I tried the Lexus, but they said no way.  So I got this one.   BOURDAIN:  It's been reported in the national papers there's been an explosion of heroin use, heroin-related crimes, overdoses.  How does that happen?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I think once this area realized we had a heroin problem, we were already behind it, trying to play catch-up.  We are on the 91 corridor.  Route 91 has been dubbed the heroin highway at this point.  It's a widely used road to go north and south.  There's opportunists here, and for low money input, they're getting a high profit.  That's the typical heroin packaging  Bundles of ten, 50 bags here.   BOURDAIN:  So 60 to 80 bucks for ten.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  They can charge what they want.  It's all supply and demand.   BOURDAIN:  One dose per for most people?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  They'll do multiple bags, anywhere from three to five bags at a time, 30 bags a day.  And the current economics of the town, I am the only one assigned to the narcotics position.   BOURDAIN:  How many heroin addicts you think are walking the streets of Greenfield right now?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I'm going to say we're in the high hundreds.   BOURDAIN:  Wow.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  We're in the high hundreds.   BOURDAIN:  High hundreds.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It's hitting every age group, economic household, it's out there.   BOURDAIN:  We don't have Crips and Bloods taking over motel rooms. The person selling you dope more likely to be familiar than a stranger? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Going to meet a house distributor I've known for several years. BOURDAIN:  We meet Carmen, as we'll call her, a powerful local heroin dealer turned paid confidential police informant, out in the woods.   How'd you get into the business initially?   CARMEN:  I needed the money.  I needed to support my family.  Couldn't get a job.   BOURDAIN:  How easy was it to get into the dope business?   CARMEN:  Not hard at all.  Because it's cheap.   BOURDAIN:  Was there money in it?   CARMEN:  Oh, hell yes.  Yes, oh yes.   BOURDAIN:  It's like Mayberry out here from looking around.  Who's using heroin now?  I mean --  CARMEN:  Kids.   BOURDAIN:  Kids.   CARMEN:  Kids. BOURDAIN:  Today's heroin epidemic is different than the one that raged through America in the 1970s, in a few significant ways.  Back then, heroin was mostly seen as a poor people problem, somebody else's problem.  The sort of thing that musicians and criminals got into, marginal people, far from the white Main Streets of Mayberry, USA. What those people did to themselves, well, it was unfortunate, but not our problem.  Until somebody broke into your house.   Today, it's absolutely the reverse.  The new addicts are almost entirely white, middle class, and from towns and areas like this.   How do you think you make it better?   CARMEN:  You don't.   BOURDAIN:  Whoa.  You don't?   CARMEN:  No.  There's going to be more robberies, there's going to be more killings.  Take one person off the street here, two more come in.  BOURDAIN:  How many customers do you have?   CARMEN:  Practically all of Greenfield.   BOURDAIN:  What happened?  How did the kid next door, along with mom, pop, and grandma too, become users of hard-core illegal narcotic drugs, the worst drug, with the worst reputation?  Well, maybe start here.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Once you found the right doctor and have told him or her about your pain, don't be afraid to take what they give you. Often, it will be an opioid medication.   BOURDAIN:  Here's a 1996 promotional video from the fine folks at Purdue Pharmaceuticals.  Sent around to doctors, it encouraged them to prescribe the latest, newest, more wonderful drug for long-term pain management, OxyContin.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Some patients may be afraid of taking opioids because they're perceived at too strong or addictive.  But that's far from actual fact.  Less than 1 percent of patients taking opioids actually become addicted.   BOURDAIN:  Sales of OxyContin -- initially and falsely proclaimed as not addictive -- absolutely skyrocketed, from $45 million in 1996 to $3.1 billion in 2010.  That same year, Purdue tweaked the way they were making Oxy in an attempt to, they said, limit its addictive qualities.   Finally, the government and law enforcement took a harsh look at the drug, and it became much harder to get legally, which sucked for the thousands and thousands who by now had a serious habit.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  I am Ruth Putie (ph), a family physician in Greenfield, Massachusetts, and I grew up here.  My dad was actually a small town doctor out here.  I'm a total generalist, but for the last four, four and a half years, a larger part of my practice has been focussed on addiction to opioids.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I got put on pain medication.  Then when they started disappearing, everybody else is doing it.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  The heroin?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.  I can get a bag of heroin easier than I can get a joint.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Once they start, they just slip down that rabbit hole, and, you know, maybe they make it out.  That's our goal is to get them out and to live healthy again.  We've really in our own way created this mess we're in now.   BOURDAIN:  In downtown Greenfield, the People's Pint, an ecoconscious, local locavorian pub that brews its own beer, uses only farm fresh ingredients, and composts its leftovers.  It's where I meet up with Dr. Putie for dinner.   BOURDAIN:  I guess my first question is, who's doing dope?   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Everybody starts with the pills.  There's nobody-- BOURDAIN:  Everybody. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Everybody starts with pills.  There's nobody who goes from marijuana to heroin.  There's an in-between step.  Always pills, it's pills that people get from their doctor.  From me. Particularly the young people.  Had an injury, a sports-related injury, had their wisdom teeth out, and they felt awesome on the drug, and they were like how can I get more of that?  After three to six months of looking for more of that, they couldn't find it, and then they jumped.   BOURDAIN:  Is it big pharma's fault?  Is it doctors' fault?  Who's fault is it?  Who made a mistake here? UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  I think it's complicated.  I'm not going to say there's one entity here that's responsible, but there was a lot of money to be made by promoting the treatment of pain to the highest level.  Big pharma made a lot of money on this.  And I was taught in residency, you give people as much pain medicine as they need.  You get them out of pain, we'll judge your hospital, we'll judge your emergency room based on your pain scores.  That's how we were taught. And we were also told these medicines aren't all that addictive.  We started handing out pills like crazy.   100 million Americans have chronic pain.  So, we did a disservice as doctors and as prescribers, like we took data that was [ bleep ], right, and then we went forth with it and said, oh, prescribe it to everyone, they won't get addicted.  We know what we're doing.  Guess what, we didn't know what we were doing.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  A few miles down the road from Greenfield is Shellburn Falls.  The good old days that everyone used to talk about back when I was a kid.  Sundays, church and picnics.  Saturday nights, Sox games, beer, and bowling.  The Shellburn Falls bowling alley is where time seems anyway to have stopped.  First opened in 1906, this is the second oldest bowling alley in America.  Dedicated to old school New England-style candle pin bowling.  The holy rollers, the crowd of septuagenarians who grew up in Shellburn and plan -- and this is a reasonable expectation -- to kick my ass.  They've been playing here since the '50s.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  I was never allowed to come near the bowling alley.   BOURDAIN:  Really, this was the den of inequity? UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  This was -- my aunt did not think this was a good idea.   BOURDAIN:  Man, it's a tiny little ball.  This looks really hard.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  It's very different, Shellburn Falls.  I grew up here.  Very different.  People don't know each other as well as everyone used to know each other.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  When I grew up in Greenfield, everybody had jobs. I worked from the time I was 13.  If I had to go back there now, I don't believe in drugs, I don't have anything to do with them, but, what choice would I have?  Standing on the corner, I would probably get into a business.  What's a good business?  Well-paying business? I'm sorry.  That's where we are.   BOURDAIN:  Yes, it used to be a very different world, towns like this one.  And there were many.  But like everywhere else, it seems the mills, the factories closed down, and with them a certain kind of social contract with the people who worked there.   ED GREGORY:  My name is Ed Gregory, originally from Terrence Falls (ph), born and brought up here, born in 1945.  My father was an employee of this draft mill, as was my grandfather.   During the hay day, there were three paper mills, a cotton mill, a silk mill, a foundry, which was just a beehive of activity here.   BOURDAIN:  Back then, a company town like this, the company actually took care of you.  They built and provided homes for their employees. Schools.  The river provided energy.  The company provided nearly everything else.   GREGORY:  The hay day is gone.  People are definitely struggling to find work.  The town just kind of died during the '80s.   When the folks came to work, they were immigrants.  BOURDAIN:  Attracted by the manufacturing here.   GREGORY:  Correct.  Made it a possibility of owning a home in a real decent part of the county here.   So my father was here, a millwright.  A millwright's job is a jack of all trades, if you will.  If there was something that needed to be repaired.   BOURDAIN:  So you could work in a mill and live in a nice home, send your kids to school, make a living, all on a mill salary.   GREGORY:  You bet.   BOURDAIN:  It's unthinkable now almost.  What happened to the business?   GREGORY:  Things are going to other countries, but not coming back to the United States. BOURDAIN:  This town became redundant?   GREGORY:  Correct.   BOURDAIN:  Again and again all over the country, I keep running into situations like this.  Where industry has died or fled or simply relocated.  I meet people like Charles Garbel (ph), hometown heroes who for some reason -- though they could probably go anywhere -- take their skills and return to where they grew up.  Shady Glenn Diner. Today's special, a tribute to the old European immigrant culture of the area, the New England boiled dinner.   So I hear rumors of corned beef and cabbage, is that right?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.  Every week we do a corned beef and cabbage dinner.   BOURDAIN:  Slowly cooked corned beef, boiled potatoes, steamed cabbage.   That's a beast, awesome, thank you.   How long have you been here?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Two years.   BOURDAIN:  Are you from the area?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.  I grew up here, and I've been coming through here since a kid.  And went through a few owners and then it came up for sale, and decided to give it a shot. BOURDAIN:  Generally speaking, who are your customers?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Most of them are retirees, they've been coming here since they were 30.   BOURDAIN:  And this, you don't see so much anymore.  Homemade pies and lots of them.  All baked on premises.  Raspberry cream pie for me, thank you.  This is not something we see a lot of.  Old school pie like that, and this number of them?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Everything is made here.  And they're all the original recipes from the '60s.  The index cards are so old, they're all faded yellow.   BOURDAIN:  Just exotic for me.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Really?   BOURDAIN:  Oh, yes.  How's business?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It's getting better.  The drug problem has started to really get rampant.  Took over May 1st, 2012, and by the end of that year, I was broken into four times.  It wasn't just me, though, it was multiple businesses time after time.  I came in one morning to open up, and I actually had a guy in front of the register, and he got up, pulled a knife out.  I realized it really wasn't worth anything over a knife.   BOURDAIN:  I think what you're doing here is terrific.  A man can go and get a good pot open turkey sandwich and a good slice of pie, it's a beautiful thing.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  My name is Heather Taylor (ph).  I'm a mother of three.  The two older kids experienced my addiction.   My addiction started with pills.  I started sniffing heroin.  I shot up for the first time, and shortly there later, I found out I was pregnant.  I had my daughter.  She was in the hospital for six weeks because she was addicted to the methadone, and I had to watch my baby go through withdrawal.   My son was four, and my daughter was six weeks when they were taken away.  I lost my kids for 33 days shy of two years.   I became serious about my recovery.   BOURDAIN:  So is this the bad part of town or is this just a place where you're unlikely for people to find you?  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Just a place where people are unlikely to find you.  I wouldn't necessarily say there was a bad part of Greenfield. I mean, it's probably pretty spread out bad, I guess you'd say.   BOURDAIN:  What would you do?  Would you just come here to shoot up?   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Yep.  You know, we'd go down here and just hang out down there.  I bet if we walked along here, we'd probably find needles and bags.  You know.   BOURDAIN:  So basically you'd come down here, shoot up, and what are you going to nod out?  Just sit down --  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Just sit down and hang out.  On a day like this, probably just hang out under the underpass over there.   BOURDAIN:  Not exactly la vida loca.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  No.  As you can see, all the trash and yuck, it's dirty and gross.  There's probably people who live down here.   BOURDAIN:  Really?   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Yes, there's a lot of homeless people in Greenfield.   BOURDAIN:  What do you think now when you see somebody who's clearly junk sick on the street?   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  It gives me that yuck, sick feeling.  And it scares me.  It reminds me why I don't want to be out there.  It's just scary.  A friend of mine overdosed January 1st of this year.  And my brother-in-law overdosed in Wendy's bathroom, and they found him.  And they brought him back to life.  He was dead in the bathroom.   BOURDAIN:  Uh-huh.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  So this is my Narcan.  I carry this around, I have one of these in my house and I have one in my car.  I have a fear that my husband's going to relapse and I'm going to find him dead. You just put this in here and squirt it up their nose.  BOURDAIN:  Now in most cases, as I understand it, they're right out of  it.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  They're right out of it and they are instantly sick.   BOURDAIN:  They don't wake up happy.  But they wake up.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  They wake up.   BOURDAIN:  (inaudible) you walk to the bathroom and there's somebody's blue there.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Somebody on the floor.   BOURDAIN:  Are you saving that life?   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Yep, saving that life.  Absolutely.  And then kicking their ass. (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  Better now?  life better now?   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Absolutely.  My kids have been home three years. You know, I no longer have to watch my back.  You know, I live a pretty straight and narrow life.  Which, you know, people might say is boring, but I love my life today.  I'm grateful.   BOURDAIN:  Where are we headed?   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  This way.   BOURDAIN:  Oh, okay.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  To the Recover Project.  This is where my recovery started.   BOURDAIN:  Started nearly a decade ago in one of the two Main Streets of Greenfield, the Recover Project is community-based.  An open arms program aimed at helping addicts stay clean.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Given the opioid heroin epidemic in our community, we'd like to start the conversation.  Just kind of sharing with one another, you know, what happened at that point of our life, what that was like.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  So as a child growing up in a home of addiction, I didn't understand how they could do all the stuff that they did to me and my brother and sister.  Like don't you love me enough?  Then I became a mother, and then I became a heroin addict.  And I did all that stuff to my kids.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  My doctor was my biggest drug dealer.  I felt down a flight of stairs, I'd just been married, had a baby, was working two jobs, college on top of it.  Next thing I know, I'm on these prescriptions, that's where it all began for me.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  What are the odds you're going to own a house? What's the odds you're going to have a nice car?  Any car?  A place to live, all that stuff?  Seems less and less likely all the time. Contrast that with what happens when you stick a spike in your arm. And I wouldn't.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  So I have this picture in my head of when I got the phone call that my daughter's father had been in the accident, and I just had a c-section, and they come in with this needle to give me Adavin (ph), I think, and all I really needed was a hug, like I just needed someone to come up to me and give me a hug, and say I care about you, Kaitlyn (ph), and everything is going to be okay.   BOURDAIN:  I'll tell you something really shameful about myself.  The first time I shot up, I looked at myself in the mirror with a big grin.  You know, something was missing in me, whether it was a self- image situation, whether it was a character flaw.  I came from a stable family, the suburbs, you know, I had a lot of advantages. There was some dark genie inside me that I very much hesitate to call a disease, that led me to dope.  You know, I didn't have anyone else who could have talked me out of what I was doing, but intervention wouldn't have worked.  I didn't have a child.  I have a 7-year-old daughter now, who I never would have had.  I never would have thought -- I looked in a mirror and I saw somebody worth saving, or that I wanted to at least try real hard and save.   You know, anybody can find themself very easily in this situation, and, you know, I look back on that and I think about what I'll tell my daughter, you know.  You know, that was daddy.  Ain't no doubt about it, but I hope I'll be able to say that was daddy then, this is daddy now, that I'm alive and living in hope.  Thank you, guys.   (APPLAUSE) (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  In Massachusetts, the clambake is a ritual going back to the Flintstones, before the pilgrims.  Today at the long-standing locals only shooting club, Shootsenverrin (ph) as it's called in German for the immigrants who fist started this rustic fraternity back in 1912.  Club leader Ray Zurkowski (ph) takes me through the fascinating and arcane process of creating an old-school clambake.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Basically we build a kiln with hardwood and stone. We burn it down, remove the wood, and cover it with seaweed and corn husks, and we put our clams and lobsters and corn in there like a pressure cooker.   BOURDAIN:  We've got a pig hiding in there also.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  No, no, no.  We're going to pull a husker out right now and you can kind of see what we have got here.   BOURDAIN:  Let's eat.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  All right.   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  First some good chowder, and there really is only one kind of chowder, New England clam chowder.   Mm-mm.  That is good.   Steamer clams, lobster, corn, potatoes.  It's a pretty luxurious clambake you got going here.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  That was amazing.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Everybody's attention for a second.  The opioid education and awareness task force came together several months ago. I don't think we realized how quickly this could turn into a crisis for us.   BOURDAIN:  Everybody in this room has been touched by or impacted by narcotics in some way.  The Franklin County opioid safety task force is a grassroots response.  Doctors, law enforcement, led by Franklin County Sheriff Chris Donelan, addiction specialists and addicts themselves are coming together to find a community-based solution to what is finally being recognized as a public health crisis rather than simply a criminal justice problem.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It's a great opportunity to come here tonight to break bread and look at the successes that we have had so far.  Think what makes me more proud than anything else about living in Franklin County is that we will not sit back and wait for anybody else to solve this problem for us.  We'll be a model for the commonwealth and for the nation on how we save our young people and how we save our community.   (APPLAUSE) BOURDAIN:  Again, it's a change.  The city is the place where all of the bad stuff was supposed to happen, it wasn't supposed to be in nice towns like Greenfield.  Right?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It isn't the image that people used to have 20 years ago, that it's a junkie in an alley somewhere using a needle. It's not.  It's your kids, it's your neighbors.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  The worst I think is when you have these young people who break a leg and they go to the doctor and they get a prescription for Oxy and become addicted to it.  These are any kid who plays a high school sport.  It's a horrible circumstance when it happens. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It only started in the past couple of years.  Yes, the heroin was around, the pills were around, but we didn't have people dying.   BOURDAIN:  Once you've been busted for heroin, that's a hard thing to live down.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Got to get rid of that shame factor so people can  deal with it, address it, and get support from the community.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I feel like we'll lose a generation, of our young people, 18 to 22, is what we're seeing the most.  The district attorney, the sheriff, myself, the police department are all united. This task force has grown to over 100 people in a matter of six months, and that's what we're committed to doing, and we'll do it until the day I die.    UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  I lost one daughter to drugs.  You know, whatever it takes.   BOURDAIN:  Let's start by being honest with ourselves.  As a nation, for decades, we were perfectly happy to write off whole neighborhoods, whole cities, whole generations of young men and women.  As long as it was an inner city problem, an urban problem, which is to say a black people problem, a brown people problem.  Send them to prison into a system from which they'll never return.  Maybe now, now that it's really come home to roost, now that it's the high school quarterback, your next-door neighbor, your son, your daughter, now that grandma is as likely to be a junkie as anyone else, we'll accept that there has never been a real war on drugs.  War on drugs implies an us versus them, and all over this part of America, people are learning there is no them.  There is only us.  And we're going to have to figure this out together.  ANTHONY BOURDAIN, HOST:  What are our expectations?  Which of the things we desire are within reach?  If not now, when?  And will there be some left for me? (MUSIC) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  China's younger generation is driving growth in... (CROSSTALK) UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  This is where the real power is, China. (MUSIC) BOURDAIN:  If you love in Manhattan like I do and you think you live in the center of the world, this place, Shanghai, will confront you with a very different reality.  Turn down a side street, it's an ancient culture.  A century's old mix of culinary traditions, smells, flavors.  A block away, this.  An ultra-modern, ever clanging cash register, levels of wealth, of luxury, a sheer volume of things and services unimagined by the greediest most bushwa of capitalist imperialist. The city is split by the Huanpu River, a tributary of Yangtze.  In the older section which appears the Bund and a newer built-up section, the Pudong.  The one thing I know for sure about China is I will never know China.  It's too big, too old, too diverse, too deep.  There's simply not enough time.  That's for me the joy of China, facing a learning curve that impossibly steep.  The certain knowledge that even if I dedicated my life to learning about China, I die mostly ignorant. That's exciting, it's too much and it's changing so fast. China has a population of around 1.2 billion people, and the number of them who were joining an explosive middle class, demanding their share of all that good stuff, infrastructure, the clothes, the cars, the gas to fuel them, his wealth, it's the engine that might well drive the whole world.   ZHOU LIN:  Do you like Chinese food? BOURDAIN:  Very much, yes. ZHOU LIN:  OK.  What do you want?   (CROSSTALK)\ UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Please order. BOURDAIN:  Of course, yes some -- dumplings. ZHOU LIN:  (speaking in a foreign language) BOURDAIN:  Professor Zhou Lin is an economist and current dean of the College of Economics and Management at Shanghai Jiao Tong University. I saw many people who live here who's Chinese but was educated in American universities.  Has had taught at Yale, Duke, and Arizona State.   BOURDAIN:  So you -- forgive me.  Economics are not my area of expertise, I wallow in ignorance but China looks different every time I come.  It's changing so, so, so quickly.  How did that happen? ZHOU LIN:  China enjoy, you know, this long period of peace.  No serious enemy, no major wars. BOURDAIN:  Right. ZHOU LIN:  So the manufacturing industry really took off.  Internally is reformed (ph) an open door policy, every country willing to trade with Chiana. BOURDAIN:  There's certainly no doubt that at this point, we -- our destinies are inextricably bound up.  We are hopelessly -- our economies are hopelessly intermingled.  If one fails, the effect would be disastrous.   ZHOU LIN:  Global impact. BOURDAIN:  We are -- to say the least. ZHOU LIN:  It's suddenly... UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  (speaking in a foreign language) BOURDAIN (on camera):  So beautiful.  This is what I was waiting for.   (voice-over): Xiaolongbao, literally small steaming basket buns, but I translate them on my head to pillows of happiness that will scald your tongue and throat if you don't know what you're doing.   Look, there are lot of reasons to come to China, and to Shanghai in particular.  But these babies done right, these things alone are worth the trip.  Ground pork and shrimp folded exactly and always 20 times inside freshly-made individual rolled-out dough.  As they're steamed, the delicious, delicious fat renders, it was soup of the gods, which then if you're not careful, causes unforgettable maxillofacial damage, as it changes your life forever.   (on comera): So good.   (voice-over): In the China of the future, places like this, Foshan Jiaolong, will be even more packed by Chinese, by expats, by visitors looking for the deeply satisfying rush of screamingly hot goodness, the chewy, meaty, deeply savory, fragrant, perfectly shaped and folded ballistically-designed delivery vehicles for pure pleasure.  And the allure of Shanghai-style pork chop, zhu zhu pai (ph) served with lajiangyou, their local take on Worcestershire sauce.  It's irresistible.   ZHOU LIN (on camera):  So I really believe that the world is converging and China will again, will be privatizing more and more. BOURDAIN:  Right. ZHOU LIN:  But the difference -- nowadays, it's just the technology is so advanced, we don't really meet that many (ph) people.  So two things that many (ph) use to do in which the population, 7 billion people, there was probably, doesn't need that many people working... BOURDAIN:  Right. ZHOU LIN:  So the question is that what should human beings doing, you know?  How can you let them not doing anything and then still living a good life? BOURDAIN:  Right. ZHOU LIN: I don't know.  It's going to be a big issue at the face of the whole world. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  What is the future, I don't know.  But to a very great extent, it is surely being determined here.  Is there a plan?  Probably not, only appetites.  And increasingly, the means to fulfill those appetites, those dreams and aspirations.  Who will drive the car that takes us to wherever we are going?  They will be young whoever they are, and not unlike Yao Minji (ph), a 30-year old Shanghai native educated in the USA at Wellesley, currently a Features reporter for the Shanghai Daily.  She maybe the picture of modern China, but this is Minji's (ph) favorite restaurant, Chiong (ph).  China and Shanghai in particularly might be transforming fast, but this place stays resolutely the same. Mrs. Shu (ph) runs the place, serving classic home-style Shanghai meals.  There's no menu, no waiting list.  And you will only get a seat if she likes you. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE (on camera):  Oh, I ordered too much.  Sorry.  BOURDAIN:  Oh that's -- it's fantastic. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  I was trying to get all my... BOURDAIN:  No, I'm very happy. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  We're joined by Minji's (ph) friends, Hu Jing (ph), an artist, and Mathew Lei (ph), a restaurateur. (on camera): This looks fantastic.  How do you eat this?  Whole? MINJI (ph):  I eat them whole because I really like this. BOURDAIN:  That was... MINJI (ph): Good, yeah? BOURDAIN:  Oh they're good. MINJI (ph):  I think they cook it, you know, few seconds.  That's the secret... BOURDAIN (voice-over):  You bao he xia are tiny shrimp, deep fried first and then quickly tossed in the wok with garlic, ginger, salt, and soy.  What is classic Shanghainese food?  What's distinctive about it?  Well, this for instance, it's often black or dark and heavily inflicted with oil, soy, and sugar. Shanghai is and has been for some time, a city if immigrants.  And the food reflects that genealogy.  A combination of people from neighboring Zhejiang province known for their liberally use of sugar, soy and vinegar, and from Jiangsu Province known for fresh ingredients in attention to preserving the aliveness of its dishes.  It's the best of both of worlds, great sauces, great ingredients.   There's hong shao rou, braised pork belly in a deep red braise of dark and light soy sauce, cinnamon, sugar, and anise. Hon jia chan yu (ph), a small fish poached first in rice wine, salt and light soy, then fried in ginger, garlic, oil or soy and sugar until the liquid's reduced to a gorgeous, sticky sauce.  Jion ya (ph), duck that's been marinated, blanched, then reheated, smothered in a sauce made from the reduced drippings lift in the wok with dark soy, salt, and sugar.   And this to round things up, yandi xian, a clay pot soup of bean curd base stalk with salted pork belly, tofu ribbons, and bamboo shoots.  (on camera): Oh, the flavor.  This is a socialist country, supposedly. MINJI:  Yeah. BOURDAIN:  It was a communist country, supposedly.  It is in fact from real (ph) evidence that I've ever seen, the most dynamic country on earth.  What do you think about that? MINJI (ph):  I think a lot of my western friends come here thinking China is past immersion (ph) of non-career or the party (ph) can chose everything.  But they come here, they're surprised.  It's actually not that much.  They do seem to be promoting the free market even more with the free trade zone just established in Shanghai.  So, it's amazing. BOURDAIN:  From what I see everywhere I go, the world is becoming more Chinese.  Chinese influence, Chinese food.  If you've build a casino in Vegas or a hotel in Singapore, you have to consider what will the Chinese think.  Is that exciting? MINJI (ph):  It's exciting that we finally have a (inaudible) that we wouldn't, but China is full of -- in the spotlight, in the center of the stage now that we wouldn't have dream though of like, say, only a decade ago. BOURDAIN:  For me, I think, you know, the communist menace that we use to always talk about in America, I think the most terrifying scenario is that China becomes a completely free market, non-socialist, non- communist society, because you'd bury us.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  I love few things more than quoting that impeccable communist, Dang Xiaopeng, "To be rich is glorious."  All - isms are -wasms, (ph), dig deep and it's always about the money.   Meet Tim Tse, a resident of Communist China, a man of impeccable taste.  One of more than a 150,000 Shanghainese billionaires accustomed to the good life.   TIM TSE, PRESIDENT, ROOSEVELT CHINA INVESTMENTS (on camera):  We take the seawater out, replace with champagne.  We can have it all at once, hopefully you like it. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  He likes nice things and he makes Donald Trump's garnished (ph), ticky-tacky empire look like the back of Pauly D's (ph) van . (on camera): Where this from?  They're great. TSE  France. BOURDAIN:  France, fantastic.  Wow, they were in good shape.   TSE  Yes, yes. BOURDAIN:  It was good. TSE  We treat them happy.  Every single one is flying from jet with (inaudible) belt so they were nice and happy and safe/ BOURDAIN:  Apparently.   (voice-over)  Tim is an investor into real estate, telecoms, and the newly expanding service industries of the new China.  He's also the president of Roosevelt China Investments, a very old company with a long history doing business here, created by the Roosevelt family, maybe you've heard of them.   This is his clubhouse, really.  The house of Roosevelt on the Bund, right in the middle of it all.  Wine is big here now, the French chateaus, more and more they looked at China as the indicators of price, as the market maker.  Tim alone stocked around 4,000 labels here.  China in general bought 2 billion bottles of red wine last year alone.  Think about that for a minute, they are now the leading market for red wine in the world.  (on camera): It's pretty amazing here. TSE:  Well, I designed this place in five minutes.  I look at this place for like six months, day time, night time, and finally (inaudible) interesting, I'm going to make a wine cellar will out of this. BOURDAIN:  Look so good. TSE:  Thank you. BOURDAIN:  Ice?  Well, this is nice.   (voice-over): Tim has invited me to dinner alongside a few people that have taken full advantage of the blooming economy in China.  Ms. Ida Wang (ph), an architect and designer, Daniel Jang (ph), a real estate developer, and Coco Shu, a party planner.   (on camera):  So you eat like this all the time?  Nice wine cellar... TSE:  Twice at night.  Today, we're surrounded by Southern French wine and (inaudible) wines.  And if you like here, you can eat in different district of wine country every night.   BOURDAIN:  Isn't this supposed to be Communist China?  I mean it seems like it was very... TSE:  Can I ask a question?  Does anyone of our communist party comrades party member?   BOURDAIN:  No, no, I'm kidding.  I'm a bit of a red diaper baby but -- what I mean to say is it just seems that the realm of the possible here is very big.   DANIEL JANG (ph):  Absolutely.  It's a big stage.  I mean, in New York City or in other places in the world, you can see that you may build a massive project, but that's probably the only one in the whole city. But in Shanghai, there's ten (ph) of market projects going on, and if there's ten (ph), more is coming up in the next couple of years.   TSE:  You know, it is a big world, big city but a small village in the end.  And I think food is the best weapon on earth to make peace, it's the food (inaudible) have better peace on earth.  And you'll probably the United Nation Ambassador. BOURDAIN:  In time.   TSE:  And this little shrimps are from South Pole, and only New Zealand has a way to find them.  Try it with your wasabi if you like. COCO SHU:  A lot of Chinese restaurant in New York. BOURDAIN:  I grew up in the 50's and the 60's and even then, Chinese restaurant, Chinese food was really an essential part of being a New Yorker, I mean if you didn't know how to use chopsticks as a New Yorker, you are a terrible New Yorker.  TSE:  You know, I want to ask something, do you know how to speak like  a Brooklyn president?   BOURDAIN:  It's a tough accent.  Queens is easier, you know, it's a more of a -- I can't, I mean, I lived right next to it my whole life. TSE:  Can you say... BOURDAIN:  What I mean the accent. TSE:  We don't want to hear... BOURDAIN:  A Brooklyn expression. TSE:  I just want to hear... BOURDAIN:  Not for nothing. TSE:  What? BOURDAIN:  Not for nothing. TSE:  Is that best Brook (ph). BOURDAIN:  Not for nothing. TSE:  Best for nothing. BOURDAIN:  Not for nothing, but, you know, I can really use a little more wine. TSE:  Yeah. BOURDAIN:  Not for nothing, not at all. TSE:  Not for nothing. BOURDAIN:  Not for nothing TSE:  Not for nothing. BOURDAIN:  Not for -- all right. TSE:  Shanghai Chef Jacky Shu (ph) prepares a meal of a style that will become without a doubt, more and more typical and in demand here among those who can afford it.  And more and more people everyday can afford it. BOURDAIN:  What is it? TSE:  So we have tomato and potato and that's it. (CROSSTALK) BOURDAIN (voice over):  Australian Wagyu beef. (on-camera):  Nice. (voice over):  A massive perfectly cook tomahawk chop.  Coming in the door at up to $150 a pound that includes bones and fat, this is about a thousand dollars worth of steak bitches (ph). Even if Tim wanted a serve good all USA beef still the finest on earth in my opinion.  He can't.  China has banned imports of US beef over concerns about mad cow disease. While they (inaudible), the quick trip behind the bookshelves. TSE:  And I want to show you a special place. BOURDAIN:  Wow. TSE:  So you named your labels, the village of wines, I think most of the chance we have it. And, so these sizes and so I will interesting wine that against (inaudible) Asian themselves. BOURDAIN:  This is the house collection. TSE:  That's correct. BOURDAIN:  Right. TSE:  And I want to show you the membership area to our newest members Anthony Bourdain. And it's also about (inaudible) about collection of wines, please open it BOURDAIN:  Wow, cool.  It's good being me.  Thank you. TSE:  It's good to having you. BOURDAIN:  Thank you so much. We will close that up now, wait a minute. TSE:  Close it up. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Here's the thing, even with the modern China rising out of the ground all around you even with all the things to save things you see for sale everywhere where people have these days. Even with all lack, there still this China.  Shouning Road, just south of people's square.  It's still happening.  The good old stuff. The China you first fell in love with walked down the street and look at any direction and there's something eat.  I mean, I don't know what it is immediately, but chances are, it's good. We talk about foodies (ph) and what the hell does that mean?  By current definition, best I can understand that makes just about every Chinese person I ever laid eyes on, the foody (ph).  Which is too say, a perfectly amusable person who enjoys and pays attention to where the good stuff is. Look at this, one street, and look, stuffed oysters grilled over charcoal.   Snake treat, oh yes, and yes, it does taste kind of like chicken. It used to be a lot of streets like this, full of dai pai dong where you could look, shop around, and eat all out in the open.  Happy, righteous (ph), delicious torrent (ph) of food, but the government as governments do, are tightening the screws.  Old is bad, new is good. Not everybody thinks this is a good idea though.  Bill Wang was born in Shang and studied here at Tongji Universit.  He began teaching English before he was out of college.  He suggested me neither for a wonton and there are maybe wonton stalls all over Shanghai, but Bill says this one, this one is the one. BOURDAIN (on-camera):  So you're an English teacher. BILL WANG, ENGLISH TEACHER:  Yes, yes. BOURDAIN (on-camera):  Most of it -- I mean, a Chinese background who speak English how their teachers were British, sometimes Australian or New Zealand and they have those expressions on that accent. We need more and more of these days, I guess younger generation is more and more about sort of TV accent.  Is that good or bad? WANG:  I think it's good, you know, TV series, especially American TV series already are so popular in China. BOURDAIN:  What are the most popular American shows in China? WANG:  Right now, House of Cards. BOURDAIN:  House of Cards. WANG:  Yeah, so popular. BOURDAIN:  House of cards. WANG:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  That's really interesting.  Why do you think you appeal (ph) this year? WANG:  You know, in the show, you know, American didn't talk about president. BOURDAIN:  Right. WANG:  In China, there's no way you can't about those sense the day of topics.  So maybe (inaudible) love that show, it's really, really good. BOURDAIN:  Wow.  That's really... (OFF-MIKE) BOURDAIN:  ... a surprise to me.  Wow, these are huge. WANG:  Yes.  Wonton. (OFF-MIKE) BOURDAIN:  Good. WANG:  Is it good? BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Minced pork, bok choy, some ginger, moistened with rice wine, soy.  It all gets mixed up nicely and folded into the dough.  Boiled till just right and sauce with a powerful mixed of soy sauce, vinegar, chili sauce, sesame oil and peanut butter. So you kind of sweet savory, acidy, salty, spicy umami (ph) thing going on with every bite, you want this, believe me.  You want this bad, in fact, you mean it. (on-camera):  What do your students want to do when they enter the professional field?  What's the dream? WANG:  I think this generation, they are a lot of them are lost.  They don't know that to do.  If you ask like a university or what is their dream? BOURDAIN:  Right. WANG:  (inaudible) is to buy an apartment, (inaudible), buy car, you know, that kinds of things. BOURDAIN:  Are there enough jobs for everybody? WANG:  This is becoming more and more competitive. BOURDAIN:  Right. WANG:  And what he wants the best job but it's only very few of them among there.  But I think there's like a huge gap between company and new graduates. BOURDAIN:  Right. WANG:  Company wants to experience the workers. BOURDAIN:  Right. WANG:  We need graduates also want a good job. BOURDAIN:  Now? WANG:  Yes, now.  They are not ready for it. BOURDAIN:  Right. WANG:  So they don't want to do some, you know, hard work, start from scratch. BOURDAIN:  Right. WANG:  So that's the problem against. BOURDAIN:  It looks to me, Chinese in general, Shanghai is particular is changing very, very fast (ph). WANG:  Very, very wild (ph). BOURDAIN:  Every time I come it's different.  And in your reason, I mean last 10 years, what the most noticeable change to you? WANG:  Food like this is becoming more and more difficult to find. This is hand made, I think it's a real food is not very expensive and taste great, but a lot of food, you know, pasta is good right now. And also, of course, it's (inaudible), it has suppose in (inaudible), the good part is that you can get information (inaudible) BOURDAIN:  Right. WANG:  The bad part is that people don't talk to each other even like to look good or restaurant, you know, like a couple, it's all pictures. BOURDAIN:  Right, right. WANG:  And uses cellphones and then talk to each other. BOURDAIN:  They're communicating with everybody else in the world about who's at the table. WANG:  They enjoy their life or what's point, right? BOURDAIN:  It didn't happened until you Twitted it as we say. WANG:  Oh my, God. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  What's clear very quickly here is the way China claims things are that way things is supposed to be as far as permissible social media at access information and the way actually are, two different things. Meet Thomas Yao, hacker turned entrepreneur.  He recently receives significant start up money to build what he calls an open source project sharing platform to connect Chinese college students with the world. BOURDAIN (on-camera):  And when you say hacking, what is -- what do you do when you hack?  What is the intent? THOMAS YAO, HACKER, ENTREPRENEUR:  Actually it's start from IMG (ph), if you go to the computer science and entrepreneur intelligence during the IMG (ph), it will show you the definition of hack.  It's actually a very positive one but it's pertaining the very negative words. BOURDAIN:  Right. YAO:  Sort of one hacker is to describe the people who are really -- they really like programming as -- say, the love to share information. It's just like cooking.  You love to share recipes to other friends for live cooking and well. BOURDAIN:  Legally, there might be something one is it, but morally, you think there's anything wrong with like, but you're essentially breaking into an information based. YAO:  Yeah. BOURDAIN:  I'm not doing anything. YAO:  Yeah. BOURDAIN:  But I want to go in, I'm going to look around, I'm going to see how things work and I'll leave without disturbing anything. With most hackers, say that's OK. YAO:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  It's in the service of knowledge that's... YAO:  It's OK for most of the hackers.  Our communities -- I was so lucky, I got even you a very big, big hacker of community here in China and (inaudible) great mentors. BOURDAIN:  Started in this (inaudible) this 21. YAO:  Exactly. BOURDAIN:  Great (inaudible). YAO:  I didn't go to college. BOURDAIN:  You didn't go to college? YAO:  I didn't go to college. BOURDAIN:  Why not? YAO:  Most of professor (inaudible) behinds the (inaudible) speed of the communities. BOURDAIN:  Why? YAO:  Because... BOURDAIN:  You're -- the country is so advanced in so many other ways. Why in this area? YAO:  And that's more problems here in China.  We have (inaudible) a great firework, and it's (inaudible) unpleasant information websites. This is our China, and a lot of people they call against the (inaudible) technology... BOURDAIN:  Right. YAO:  ... which we don't teach in college at all.  So the human resource problem in (inaudible) getting more and more serious here in China. BOURDAIN:  Because everyone is going to Silicon Valley. YAO:  Yeah, all for better, obviously. BOURDAIN:  Right. YAO:  All, (inaudible). BOURDAIN:  Are these the famous ribs? YAO:  Yes. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Maybe the number thing that the seriously food craze traveler coming back from Shanghai will tell you to eat other than the soup dumplings of course, ziran paigu or simply cumin ribs. It takes two cooks working at once to make this dish, one deep fries the ribs in hot oil until just right.  Another toast the ginger and other spices in a wok, and then in go the ribs.  (inaudible) what's called (inaudible) close to the kitchen as possible. To capture that elusive (inaudible) dissipating breathe flavor of the wok itself. Toss it around, coating those bones with all that good stuff then serve. And because we like to burn, Thomas orders some (inaudible) a spicy chicken dish. Hei (ph) means energy, bite force or breath.  And that's what you're looking for, the (inaudible) flavor the essence of a very old carefully seasoned cooking vessel. Oddly enough, Thomas (ph) tells me there's no Mandarin or at least Shanghainese word for wok.  It's simply called a cooking pot.  To which I say I really do know nothing about this country. (on camera):  Wow, fantastic.  Wow. YAO:  It's (inaudible) also. BOURDAIN:  Yes?  No, you're not loving that? YAO:  Muscle, not too good, but it's not bad. BOURDAIN:  To me -- and I've eaten a lot of food, but this is spicy, fresh, great, vibrant. YAO:  After this, I will take you guys to somewhere -- I will take you somewhere better. BOURDAIN:  So, are you a foodie? YAO:  Yes, I eat a lot. BOURDAIN:  Were you born here, you're from Shanghai? YAO:  Yes, I was born and raised in Shanghai. BOURDAIN:  At least in modern times, it's hard to imagine that any place has changed as profoundly and is changing as quickly as it is changing here. YAO:  Where there's no problem.  Our quality of life is improving really, really faster. BOURDAIN:  With a poll of 85 percent of Chinese who are asked the question, "Do you feel that your life will be better next year," 85 percent said, "Yes, it will be better next year."  This is an extraordinary-- YAO:  Number. BOURDAIN:  Number.  I don't know a lot of other countries that would say that. YAO:  Yeah. BOURDAIN:  Well, that looks great.  The famous-- YAO:  That's chicken. BOURDAIN:  Chicken.  It's so good. YAO:  Not bad. BOURDAIN:  You know, I'm finding this food really, really delicious. And you're saying it's just-- YAO:  OK. BOURDAIN:  I'm finding it wow.  Yeah. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Shanghai is one of the biggest cities in the world right now, a global financial center in transportation hub and the world's busiest port.  You can smell the money.  But maybe the real story is the newly emerging participants in global capitalism. The middle class, the working class, who also want flat screen TVs and cars and vacations and the promise of better for their kids. Take this couple, typical working-class Chinese from the worker's paradise, Mei-ming (ph), a bus driver, and Dong Yeon Yang (ph), his bride to be.  Today is their wedding day and custom must be observed. When it comes to weddings, the Chinese have always gone big, and these days, bigger still, lots of food, lots of booze, lots of people getting crazy.  That's why Thomas (ph) and I have become wedding crashers.  The Constellation bar for a pre-wedding drink, the classic Chinese cocktail, the Moscow Mule -- OK, maybe not Chinese. (on camera):  This are good. YAO:  Yes.  This is the reason why I love this place. BOURDAIN:  Are you married? YAO:  No. BOURDAIN:  No, not yet. YAO:  I'm not a big fan of marriage. BOURDAIN:  You've been to weddings, yes? YAO:  Yeah. BOURDAIN:  Have you ever crashed a wedding before? YAO:  No. BOUDAIN:  It's going to be a little weird.  I mean we don't know anybody there. (voice-over):  How do you do? (on camera):  Well, I hope the food's good at this thing.  They probably have a lot of drinks. YAO:  It's going to be really crazy. BOURDAIN:  Really? YAO:  Yeah, yeah. BOURDAIN:  Well. YAO:  We drink a lot. BOURDAIN:  Really?  So, ready to crash a wedding? YAO:  Yeah, let's do it. BOURDAIN:  All right. YAO:  Cheers.  We can go across around here. BOURDAIN:  Yeah. (voice-over):  The Chinese wedding is not cheap.  You need a banquet room.  In this case, the families rented out this place, the historic Park Hotel, Shanghai.  Chinese weddings, generally speaking, mean the presence of a number of formalities.  First, meet the bride and groom upon entering.  Red envelope, also known as the hongbao, like in good fellows, it's a little something for the bride and groom to help them get started in their new life. (on camera):  Thank you.  It's awesome. (voice-over):  OK.  Table setting, often with some must-have's present, booze, whiskey, smokes for the guests. YAO:  This is (inaudible) like our traditional Chinese wedding.  They will rent a hotel and-- BOURDAIN (on camera):  I know.  I do this every week.  I go from hotel to hotel and I crash weddings. YAO:  OK. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Roast duck, that, I will have.  Of course with some (foreign language) or beef tripe in garlic sauce, Kona crab shelled and then sauted in garlic and ginger before being stuffed back into the shell, steamed turbot with scallots. YAO:  Weddings in China, so just kind of meal for whole two days, whole weekend. BOURDAIN (on camera):  So tell me, we should do this every week.  I'll come back, I'm going to move to Shanghai.  And you and me, twice a week, we'll just go to weddings. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  (Foreign language). YAO:  They'll make it so bright. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  (Foreign language). YAO:  OK. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  And there is of course drinking, much drinking. (on camera):  When I first came to China, it's for business.  And one after the other, everyone at the table came up and said, "Oh, Mr. Bourdain, I would like to do a drink with you," and they -- all of it. I didn't know how to politely say no.  I can't.  I just kept doing it and doing it and it's super.  I ended up going like the karaoke.  I ended up singing Billy Idol songs.  I think I sang, "White Wedding." You're making the personal issue-- YAO:  Yeah. BOURDAIN:  -- and seriously.  I'm just wondering how you got out of that.  When I sat down and I looked around the table and I find that, "OK, who at this table is going to try really hard to get me drunk," I wouldn't have guessed it was going to be her. YAO:  They're drinking this white wine all day long.  I can drink a lot but I will just more likely to taste all day. BOURDAIN:  Look, we have to get this straight.  That is not wine. That's like grain alcohol.  That's what we call liquor. YAO:  Yes, something like that. BOURDAIN:  OK, at least we're clear on that. (voice-over):  Now, this is a small wedding by most standards, about 100 guests.  But just booking the room took two years.  A toast followed by many more toasts to the bride, to the groom, to happiness, to prosperity. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  (Foreign language). BOURDAIN (voice-over):  There is a place, there is always a place where something delicious in a bowl is waiting just for your.  Down a street, down an alley, there's a place like this one where locals would tell you the good stuff list. They call this stuff long-leg noodles, because they say the woman who runs it is tall.  Noodles for me are a solitary pleasure between me and my bowl.  Fen Li (ph) and her husband, Chi Fon Wang (ph), understand this I think.  Now, this is a deceptively good business. What used to be a typical, low-cost, working class stall of the Dai Pai Dong's meat variety has in fact blown up along with the rest of the economy. Rich kids or TV guys like me want to eat here, and they do.  How do you make a bowl of perfect happiness?  Cook noodles in boiling water, liberally flavored with chilies and lard.  A mercier (ph) cooked noodles at a soy inflicted bath of deeply sinister, deeply pleasurable pork stock.  A little bit of baby bok choy, heat for a few seconds, simmering, simmering, then garnished with a bit of slowly cooked, heavily reduced, almost candy pork.  Then suck those noodles loudly and enjoy. Where are we going?  Who will drive us there?  What will it be like when we get there?  I think it will look like this. ANTHONY BOURDAIN, HOST (voice-over):  Chances are you haven't been to this place.  Chances are this is a place you've never seen.  Other than maybe blurry cell phone videos, old black-and-white newsreels from World War II.  Chances are bad things were happening in the footage you saw.   Myanmar, after 50 years of nightmare, something unexpected is happening here, and it's pretty incredible.   In Yangon, the capital city of Myanmar, it's dark.  Blackouts are frequent, with the ancient power grid.  But sources of light there are in the street cast an eerie yellow-orange hue.  For almost 100 years under British rule, this was Rangoon.  In 1948 after helping the British fight off the Japanese, and with the new taste for self- determination, the country gained independence.   After a decade of instability, however, the military consolidated power and never let go.  Elections?  They came and went.  The results ignored, opposition punished, or silenced entirely.   Burma, now Myanmar, where Orwell had once served as a colonial policeman, where he'd first grown to despise the apparatus of a security state, became more Orwellian than even he could have imagined.  A nation where even having an opinion could be dangerous.   BARACK OBAMA, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:  I am very honored to be here at this university and to be the first president of the United States of America to visit your country.   BOURDAIN:  Morning in Yangon, to nearly everyone's surprise, there have been some huge changes in recent months.   AUNG SAN SUU KYI, HUMAN RIGHTS ACTIVIST:  Difficult time in any transition is when we think that success is in sight.   BOURDAIN:  Nobel Prize-winning democracy champion, Aung San Suu Kyi, for nearly 15 years under house arrest, was released, and is now taking an active part in politics.   Just as the the doors are opening, my crew and I are among the first to record what has been unseen for decades by most of the world. Meanwhile, this Southeast Asian country of 80 million people is collectively holding its breath, waiting to see what's next, and will this loosening of government grip last?   Of course, morning in Yangon has always been about tea.  It's black Indian-style tea, usually with a thick dollop of sweetened condensed milk.  You want it sweet, less sweet, very sweet?  Strong?  Less strong?  Everybody's got a preference, everybody's got a preferred tea shop, where they know presumably how you like yours.   THIHA SAW, JOURNALIST:  I want only last week a bit strong.   BOURDAIN:  Journalist and publisher Thiha Saw, we meet at the Seit Taing Kya tea shop.   SAW:  Anything could happen in a tea shop.  This place means a lot of things.  Not just a place to grab some snacks.   BOURDAIN:  For 50 years of paranoia and repression, teahouses were also the main forum for guarded and not-so guarded discussions of the daily news, where you tried to piece together the real stories behind the ludicrously chopped and censored newspapers.  But carefully, of course, because informers and secret police were also heavily represented in these hotbeds of sedition and discontent.   (On camera):  So given your profession, how have you managed to stay out of prison all of these years?   SAW:  No, I was there.   BOURDAIN:  Really?  How long?   SAW:  Two times.   BOURDAIN:  Two times.   SAW:  Once special Burma Police called me, hey, U Thiha Saw, would you please come into the office?  We need to talk.   BOURDAIN:  Right.   SAW:  So I went over there, and -- I was there 89 days in prison.  It was a very serious control that came with the first government.   BOURDAIN:  Right.   SAW:  First scrutiny and registration so --   BOURDAIN:  That doesn't sound good.   SAW:  And take a look at everything.  They say, take this out, take it down or black this out, or just take the whole story out.   BOURDAIN:  Magazines that would come into the country would -- they'd cut, literally cut out the pieces?   SAW:  People under this kind of tight censorship, it will become more, I think, creative.  Take a look, careful reading, something between the lines.   BOURDAIN:  Right.   SAW:  Know it is.   BOURDAIN:  Well, something you were accused of, sending secret messages?   (Voice-over):  In the back, a cauldron of salty little fish bubble over hardwood coals.  Fingers work mountains of sweet bean, one of the fillings for the variety of pastries that are stuffed, shaped and put into an old wood stove oven.   In another corner, the heartening slap of fresh bread pressed against the clay wall of a tandoori and of course eggs bobs and spins in the magical held broth of fish, spice and herb.   (On camera):  Mohinga?  This I must have.  Correct me if I'm wrong, if there's a national dish, a fundamental most beloved fish, would it be -- would it be this?   SAW:  Yes, you take a look at all this stuff.  These is Indian, these are Chinese, et cetera, but then mohinga is a local thing.  And it's probably found in the city but also in the rural areas, too.  It's fish based with some rice or noodles, sometimes we put in some crispies, like fried beans, or fried (INAUDIBLE).  So these are some coriander leaves.   BOURDAIN:  Yes.   SAW:  And some lime.   BOURDAIN:  Sprinkle some in here.  Good textures.  Particularly in the light of Obama's recent visit, these are interesting times. Significant changes for the first time in 50 years.   SAW:  Yes.  That's one thing that's quite significant.  You take a look around, all kinds of people, all age groups.  I think a couple of years ago, people would be talking about politics, you toned down.   BOURDAIN:  Right.   SAW:  And you (INAUDIBLE).  But nowadays, people are just more outspoken.  The government is much more open.  They also are relaxing the rules about censorship.  August 20th, we were called into the PSRD office, many publishers and editors, and the director general of the (INAUDIBLE), the boss, OK, 48 years and 20 days of censorship is gone. That's it.   BOURDAIN:  Feel good?   SAW:  Yes.  That's what we've been waiting for so many years.   BOURDAIN:  I love the answer.  It's a careful yes.   SAW:  Yes.  First people in the country, we have some doubt about it. OK, is it real?  The changes and the reforms?  But as now it's about a couple of years.  And then now people starting to believe, OK, maybe it's real.  The process is still very young, but it's still possible. When the generals stop and say, OK, enough and enough, let's turn back or let's stop.  I'm optimistic about the changes and the reforms.  But you're still cautiously optimistic.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  In Yangon, motor bikes are outlawed.  Why is a matter of much rumor and speculation, so it's the bus for me. Something seems almost out of sync.  Not too long ago, even filming here officially as an open professional Western film crew, would have been unthinkable.   In 2007, a Japanese journalist was shot point-blank and killed filming a street demonstration.  Be seen talking to anybody with a camera and there would likely be a knock on your door in the middle of the night. Yet so far confronted with our cameras, a few smiles, and mostly indifference at worst, shocking considering how recently the government has started to relax its grip.   MA THANEGI, LOCAL FOOD WRITER:  We love to eat.  And don't forget for 15 years, we were under two dictatorships, and officially under socialism.  There were not a lot of things to do.  But you know, cook and get shampoo and eat.   BOURDAIN:  This is Ma Thanegi, a famous and very controversial figure in public life.   (On camera):  Myanmar or Burma?   MA THANEGI:  Myanmar, because that's the original name since the 13th century.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  This Ma Thanegi, like U Thiha Saw, has also spent time in prison.  But emerging after three years, she became in the minds of many an apologist for the regime.  Fairly or not, I leave to others.   MA THANEGI:  Sometimes, outside, I just act as if, you know, it's only after the military junta went away that, you know, things happen, especially with the state like (INAUDIBLE).   BOURDAIN:  But her many well-known books on the culinary traditions of Myanmar make her a compelling advocate for Burmese cuisine.   (On camera):  So you're very passionate about the cooking and the cuisine here and the --   MA THANEGI:  Of course.  It's just that I like to eat.  And I eat like a pig.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  This is Yangon's Feel restaurant.   MA THANEGI:  Salads I think are the best of our food.  I'm going to order a lot of salads you haven't had.  You know, it's good to be like sort of a tasting thing.   BOURDAIN:  It was pig head salad with kaffir lime leaf, long beans salad with sesame and fish sauce.  Penny leaf salad, even this salad of Indian-style samosa.   (On camera):  Everything is out there at the same time.  MA THANEGI:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  No first court or second course?   MA THANEGI:  No.  No, no, no.  If I'm invited to a friend's house, the table would be covered with dishes.   BOURDAIN:  Right.   MA THANEGI:  Covered.   BOURDAIN:  And it's really about the interaction between a lot of colors, textures and flavors in one dish or --   MA THANEGI:  Different.   BOURDAIN:  Different.   MA THANEGI:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  Wow, I'm in love.  That's good.   MA THANEGI:  Yes.  Thank you.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  And of course, there's the maddeningly delicious condiments and pickles of which to make each dish your own.   MA THANEGI:  You make a lot of different combinations with each mouthful.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  This is something very confusing in general in this part of the world, everyone eats everything differently to very much to their taste.   MA THANEGI:  Anything goes.   BOURDAIN:  Anything goes.   MA THANEGI:  Every mouthful, you can make a different flavor.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Credit cards accepted almost nowhere.  Cash machines, uh-uh.  Wifi?  Internet?  Rare.  3G , you've got to be kidding.  If you need to exchange money here, only crisp, absolutely new $100 bills accepted.  In Myanmar, it's another older world.   Oh, and what's up with this?   (On camera):  With all kissing sounds, that smooching, kissing, you know, sound that you're hearing all over the place?  My wife would have been in like 10 fights so far.  Sorry, who are you smooching at? Bitch.   (Voice-over):  This is how you summon a waiter in Myanmar.  I know.  I know.  Try that at Hooters, and you would be rightly ejected.  It takes some getting used to, for sure.   (INAUDIBLE) is a big noisy seafood house where fished prepared in the style of Yakan, the coastal province to the west named for the Yakan people.  One of over 135 distinct ethnic groups around here.   (On camera):  See, now we're talking.  Prawn curry is one of those -- one of those things that we're told you've got to eat here.  Prawns from the river, then tomato curry.  Try this.  Good sauce.  That's good.  That is some good shit, my friends.  We shall know them by the number of their dead.   (Voice-over):  Early morning in Yangon.  Among the crush of commuters, shoppers, people trying to make a living, rise up the last remnants of empire.  Faded, often crumbling, but still there after all these years.  These are the offices, businesses, and public buildings of the British colonials.   The Sofaer building was once one of the swankest department stores in Rangoon.  A century ago in Kipling's poem, "Mandalay," was beckoning the over-heated imaginations of a generation of young Englishmen. Here you could buy fine Egyptian cigarettes, French liqueurs.  The floor tiles were shipped over from Manchester.   Now people live here.  A half centuries of a pariah state has left very few of these buildings in good repair.  And there are divergent views on whether to preserve them.  For many a reminder of colonial subjugation, for others, a vest inch of a golden time.   These days in Myanmar in the streets, on the docks, it's all about moving forward.  In an economy ripe to explode if things continue trending in their current direction, the busy hustle and bustle of Yangon's port appears even busier today as workers prepare for the oncoming holiday.   PHILIP LAJAUNIE, FRIEND:  Hey, Chef.  How are you doing?   BOURDAIN:  It figures, doesn't it?   LAJAUNIE:  It does.  Welcome to Myanmar.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Philip Lajaunie, owner and proprietor of my old restaurant Les Halles.   (On camera):  It seems only natural that you'd be in Burma, Myanmar at the same time as me.   (Voice-over):  Back before anything, before I wrote the book that changed my life from broke ass utility grave chef to whatever it is I am today, I'd never been to Asia until this guy sent me to Japan, and got me hooked on a continent.   LAJAUNIE:  There we go.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  Oh, nice.  Chicken head, yes.   LAJAUNIE:  That is the perfect mood awakener.  BOURDAIN:  Yes.   (Voice-over):  Philip travels constantly.  He's been bouncing around Asia for decades.  Like all good travelers he's relentlessly curious, and without fear or prejudice.   LAJAUNIE:  It's fantastic.   BOURDAIN:  It makes perfect sense then that over cold brew and chicken necks in the port of Yangon, Philip is the one joining me to explore this particular moment in Myanmar.   LAJAUNIE:  That's the (INAUDIBLE).   BOURDAIN (on camera):  It is going to be a party.   LAJAUNIE:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  Full moon party tonight.   (CROSSTALK) What's that means, we have no idea.   LAJAUNIE:  We don't know.  There's only one way to find out, I suppose.  It sounds like a party.   BOURDAIN:  It gets crazy from now on.   (Voice-over):  It's Kason Day, Full Moon Day, a holiday marking the end of the rainy season.  And today marks the beginning of three days of breakout the crazy.  Giant speakers compete for attention. Everybody cheerfully oblivious to the distortion.  Cotton candy, trinkets, tube socks, just like a New York street fair, but with infinitely better food.   (On camera):  These are the little birds?   LAJAUNIE:  Yes.  These guys are really good.  Just flying -- this morning.   BOURDAIN:  I'll tell you, it's the backbone of every street fair in the world, isn't it?  Deep fried food.   LAJAUNIE:  That's right.  And here they also have the little butter where they break a quail egg in it.  One shot, it's pretty good.  All right.  This is so tasty.  Much greasy than I thought it would be. And quite delicate.   BOURDAIN:  Anytime you tell me crispy little bird, I'm all over it.   LAJAUNIE:  Good beak, too.   BOURDAIN:  Good beak.   LAJAUNIE:  Crispy and tender.  BOURDAIN:  Oh, and they have rides.   (Voice-over):  Check this out.  OK.  It's a Ferris wheel, but the power source, not unusual for these parts, is not electric, it ain't gas.   (On camera):  Oh, man, are you kidding me?   (Voice-over):  It's human power.   LAJAUNIE:  Yes.  See it to believe it.   BOURDAIN:  An absolutely insanely dangerous closely choreographed process of first getting the the giant heavily laden wheel in motion and then getting it up to top speed and keeping it there.   (On camera):  Wow.  Look at this thing tilting out, too.   LAJAUNIE:  Another break.  Then it goes the other way.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Note the footwear, by the way.  And it's not just this one, every coming blocks bigger and bigger Ferris wheels, each one with its own troupe of acrobatic spinners.  For sure, going for a ride is tempting, but --   (On camera):  CNN host implicated in death of four underage carnies. The thing just came off the hinges the next thing you know it's rolling down the street and sending those kids flying.  If I had any idea, I never would have taken the ride, says Bourdain.  No, I don't think so.   (Voice-over):  Hard making a buck, but again and again, the seats are loaded with smiling families, the team climbs aboard and the circus begins again.   (On camera):  Good luck, may you return safely with all of your limbs intact.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Next day in the Full Moon Festival.  Whether you're looking out the window at a rural village or at the streets of Yangon, what's happening is probably pretty similar, a tableau of dancing, body painting, car mounted speakers blasting.  But it's also three days of merit accruing, the practice of performing charitable or otherwise good works in the hopes of jacking up your karma.   Money trees are paraded around, pinwood cash donations for months. Free banquets and feasts are held.  And many moments of spiritual reflection.  The majority of people here practice Tera Vata Buddhism, the oldest, most conservative form of the religion, which simply puts, asserts that existence is pretty much a continuous cycle of suffering through birth, death and rebirth.   (On camera):  Noisy.   ZARNI BO, ACTIVIST/LOCAL ASTROLOGER:  Very noisy.  Very noisy, yes.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  The Morning Star Teahouse where I've come, well, for a couple of reasons.  Reason one, the must-have bone deep, old school favorite around here, La Pet Tuk.  The salad of fermented tea leaves.  I know, that does not sound good, but you'd be wrong to think that.   Take the fermented tea leaves, add cabbage, tomatoes, lots and lots of crunchy bits like toasted peanuts, season with lime and fish sauce.   (On camera):  This is absolutely delicious.   ZARNI BO:  You like it?   BOURDAIN:  Oh, yes.  It's fantastic.   ZARNI BO:  Yes, yes, fantastic.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Simple, delicious, things not to be taken for granted if you've been in and out of the joint like this guy, Zarni Bo, activist, astrologer and three times convict.   (On camera):  You know, everyone I've met in this country so far, in fact, has been to prison.   ZARNI BO:  Yes.  This happens again and again for us in Myanmar.   BOURDAIN:  For almost six years?   ZARNI BO:  Six years.  Nearly six years.  All the judgments are made by the kangaroo court and navy, army, and the air force.  These three officials sitting all together, they read off, this is your sentence.   BOURDAIN:  Right.   ZARNI BO:  It happens only minutes, like that.   BOURDAIN:  What is life like inside prison?   ZARNI BO:  Nice, nice, very nice.   BOURDAIN:  I have a hard time believing that.   ZARNI BO:  Very nice.  We can talk to each other, you know, say something, use a mirror to look at each other.   BOURDAIN:  Access to books?   ZARNI BO:  No books.  No writing things, no paper.  No, nothing at all.  A mat and a blanket and a plate and a bowl.   BOURDAIN:  Right.   ZARNI BO:  Only these are things that we possess.   BOURDAIN:  How is the food?  ZARNI BO:  Think about that.   BOURDAIN:  The food in prison?   ZARNI BO:  Soup.  Rice with pea soup.  Only one meat meal for a week. That's on Thursday.  You know that in prison, in ancient prison, all the fishes -- nobody, only the head and the tail.  No middle part.   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  So there is hope for this country, in your view.  Yes?   ZARNI BO:  Yes, yes.  Especially with the Buddhists believe how to live in situations, dictators, political passion, or even discrimination, everything is happening to us, but the Buddhists say, OK, that's a past life now, even if you do something, you can make something really good.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  There's something pretty cool about meeting people who have been for so long unable to speak.  Now so unguarded about their hopes and their feelings.   Sizzling meats, the clink of beer glasses, ringing bicycle bells. This is Yangon's 19th Street.  Does Yangon rock?  Can it rock?   DARKO, LEAD SINGER, SIDE EFFECT ROCK BAND:  Nine years, really like a must-go place when you are in Yangon.   BOURDAIN:  Meet Burmese punk rockers Side Effect, and lead singer Darko.   DARKO:  You can come here any time.  There will be lots of people like here.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  So if you sit here long enough, you'll see every musician in town?   (LAUGHTER) DARKO:  Yes, you can say that.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  The citywide curfews used to mean close your doors at 11:00 p.m.  Most shops and restaurants still close early but not here on 19th Street, where you can eat barbecue late into the night.   (On camera):  Wow.  What do we have here?  Grilled tofu?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  This is pork tail.   BOURDAIN:  Pork tail.  Yes.  This is barbecue is awesome.   (Voice-over):  These young men show exactly how determined you've got to be to rock, especially in Burma.   DARKO:  I like to say my early influence was Nirvana, and then (INAUDIBLE), and stuff like that.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  What American bands do you hate?   DARKO:  Creed.   BOURDAIN:  Yes.   DARKO:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  They are like the worst band in the history of, like, the world.  So what's it like having an indie band in Myanmar?  Difficult?  DARKO:  For sure, sure.  Yes.  Before you record a song, so you know like when you've got the lyrics, you have to submit the lyrics, so they're going to censor it, they're going to check it.  And even sometimes they will, you know, suggest to you some words to change.   BOURDAIN:  That must be funny.   DARKO:  Very funny, I'll tell you, you know.   BOURDAIN:  Now is that still the case?   DARKO:  No, it's not like that any more.  They're not going to censor you, but it's going to be kind of risky.  You don't know what's going to happen to you if you write and sing something wrong.   BOURDAIN:  So let me ask this.  If all your dreams came true, where would you want to play?   DARKO:  Really?  New York City.   BOURDAIN:  You want to go to New York City?   DARKO:  Yes.  My dream is to be strong, so that's why -- what I'm -- what I keep telling my band mates.  Come on, be strong.  Have faith.   BOURDAIN:  I hope people reach out to you.  Because making roll and roll is hard enough.  A truly independent rock and roll is even harder.  And I'm guessing that making it here is harder still.  So, gentlemen, you deserve some success.  People should hear you.   DARKO:  Yes.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) LAJAUNIE:  So you hear the sleeping car lost a wheel.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  The what?   LAJAUNIE:  The sleeping car lost a wheel.  And the dining car so we get --   BOURDAIN:  No, we lost the dining car, I hear.   LAJAUNIE:  We lost the dining car, but even our original sleeping car lost a wheel.  So we just have to hope for the best.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  The Night Express to Bagan.  Six hundred kilometers of what will turn out to be kidney-softening travel by rail, but Bagan, Myanmar's ancient capital, I've been told, is a must- see.   LAJAUNIE:  The true old English experience.  The engine is a French engine from the '70s.   BOURDAIN:  We've been told it's a somewhat uncomfortable 10-hour trip.  (On camera):  So really the question on this end of the journey is come back on the train or flying coffin?   (Voice-over):  Mishaps on both Burmese planes and trains are not, shall we say, unheard of.   (On camera):  The widow-maker express.   LAJAUNIE:  That is the choice.  That may be the signal to depart at some point.   BOURDAIN:  Yes.  All aboard.  Whoa.  We're moving.  Here we go.   LAJAUNIE:  Here we go.  That's it.  We are at cruising speed.   BOURDAIN:  Really?  This is cruising speed?  We can literally outrun this thing.   LAJAUNIE:  We could.  Jog ahead, have a nice meal in some, you know, recommended restaurant.   BOURDAIN:  We could catch up with it.   LAJAUNIE:  With a digestive walk.  Here we go.  This is stop number one of 75.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Heading north, the scenery opens up.  The space between things gets wider, more pastoral, and more beautiful. Looking around at my fellow passengers, it could be hard to distinguish between the 135-plus ethnic groups that make up the Burmese population.  The very name, Burma, refers actually to only one of these groups.   What they all seem to have in common, however, is a tonika, a face paint in sun block made from tree bark that masks many of their faces. It's ubiquitous here.  At first jarring to see, it quickly becomes something you get used to and take for granted.   Yangon's gravitational pull broken, and with darkness falling, the train picks up speed.  At times terrifyingly so.   LAJAUNIE:  If this thing is going to derail at some point.  They have lost how many wheels yesterday?  On this one train?  So truly it's about being in the right car, the one that keeps its wheels.  BOURDAIN:  Derailments or rail splits, as they are referred to here,  is somewhat more benign sounding occurrence that say rolling off the tracks into a rice paddy, are not uncommon.  And one can't help wondering what the engineer and conductor are thinking as the train speeds heedlessly on faster and faster.   LAJAUNIE:  I mean, it must be, what, like 40, 50 miles per hour at this point.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  I wonder if anyone has ever flown right out of their seat out the window.   LAJAUNIE:  (INAUDIBLE), sure.   BOURDAIN:  You don't want to be, like, holding a lab dog.   LAJAUNIE:  Or a baby or anything.  I mean.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Try pissing in the bathroom and find yourself launched straight up into the ceiling, bringing to a rude conclusion what was already an omni-directional experience.   (On camera):  It's smooth now.  It's very relaxing.   LAJAUNIE:  What kind of beer did you have?  I want the same.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) LAJAUNIE:  One thousand?   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  One thousand.   LAJAUNIE:  OK.  Done.  Well, this is breakfast.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Nearly 19 hours into our 10-hour trip and the Night Express to Bagan lurches and bounces onward over old and poorly maintained track.   (On camera):  And fly back to New York for breakfast.   LAJAUNIE:  I have time.   BOURDAIN:  What's in yours?   LAJAUNIE:  Carrots.   BOURDAIN:  Potato.   LAJAUNIE:  How do you make good pretty.  Look at this, a bouquet of fish.  Indeed.  This is it.  This is the plain of Bagan.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Out the window, the modern world seems to fade away, then disappear all together, like the last century never happened, or even the century before that.  We're traveling across the largest mainland nation in Southeast Asia.  But it should be pointed out that we are still within the confines of the tourist triangle. Areas permissible for travel.   Whole sectors of this country, much of it, in fact, are off-limits. Simply put, there is shit going on they do not want you to see.  A low intensity conflict with the ethnic Kachin tribe would be one of them. A wave of persecution and death in the Thu Kine state.  The country may be opening up at its center but all along the edges is waging a desperate war to hang on to the status quo.  Needless to say, the status quo is not good.   LAJAUNIE:  All right.  Bagan, here we come.   BOURDAIN:  A thousand years ago Bagan was the capital for a long line of Burma kings.  It's the sort of place where the old coexists with the even older.  As elsewhere in this part of the world, in many of the Buddhist temples here far older animist, spirit-based beliefs coexist with more recent Buddhism.   And in Myanmar, worship of the gnats is wide spread.  Nat, as I understand it, are more like Greek gods, formed as humans, demigods, spirits, often with very human qualities and failings.   Dance performances pay homage to the individual nats, performers claiming to actually channel them, bringing about, one hopes, a beneficial spiritual possession.  But I'm not just here for a nat pue (ph).  I have a list.  Things to eat in Myanmar.  And this is one of them.  Chicken curry.  And from roadside joints like this nestled among the temple ruins, you're more than likely to catch a very enticing whiff.   (On camera):  Just delicious.  Spicy, but not to the point that you want to scream out for mercy, but (INAUDIBLE).   (Voice-over):  Slow simmered curry served with a side of sour soup made from rozelle leaves.  With it, you get fried ground chillis, pickled bean sprouts, you get the idea.   (On camera):  These relishes, these dippy type things, it's like really interesting salad, but I'm not that really a salad guy.  The salads here are -- they're happening.  Spicy, sour, salty, savory, just delicious.  Delicious.  A plethora of textures and flavors.   Thought a lot of their food.  Clearly light thing, like meeting people.  Think a lot about those (INAUDIBLE) thousands of flavors, colors, and textures.  The best restaurant in the country so far, by the way.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) DON LEMON, CNN ANCHOR:  I'm Don Lemon.  Here are your headlines this hour.   John Kerry again offers open talks to North Korea on their nuclear program, but only if they make the first move.  Kerry's in Tokyo right now.  A North Korean government statement called the offer an American trick.  It's still anyone's guess if the North Koreans are going to launch a missile in the coming hours or days.  A former lawman is being held on a $3 million bond in Texas.  Eric  Williams used to be a Justice of the Peace in Kaufman County.  That's where two prosecutors were shot dead in recent weeks.  Deputies went to Williams' house with a search warrant, tied to the murders and arrested him.  They are not saying if Williams' arrest is directly connected to the case.   Australian Adam Scott won the Masters Golf Tournament today in a sudden death playoff with Argentina's Angel Cabrera.  Scott sank a 12- foot birdie putt on the second playoff hole to capture the first major title.  He's the first Australian ever to win the Masters.  Tiger Woods finished tied for four -- fourth, four strokes back.   Those are your headlines this hour.  I'm Don Lemon, keeping you informed, CNN, the most trusted name in news.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  You'd expect this, an ancient city of nearly unparalleled size and beauty to be overrun with tourists, souvenir shops, snack bars, tours on tape, but, no.   LAJAUNIE:  Oh, this is stunning.   BOURDAIN:  You'll encounter some Western travelers at Bagan's temple sites for sure, but generally speaking they are a hardy bunch.  Even the bus tours here are not for the feint of heart or weak of spirit. But for the most part you're far more likely to bump into a goat than a foreigner.   LAJAUNIE:  This is so beautiful, so much like an ode to human, you know, beliefs and adoration and worshipping and --   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Slave labor.   LAJAUNIE:  And slave labor.   BOURDAIN:  I'm thinking you build these many temples, thousands of them in a relatively short period of time, chances are, somebody was working for less than minimum wage, let's put it that way.   LAJAUNIE:  For sure.  We could fly here.  Look at that.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  A millennia ago in a period of just under 250 years, over 4,000 structures like this were built here.  They say that a Burma king, Anawrahta, began this project after a conversion to Tera Vata style Buddhism.   (On camera):  They started a new temple like every 14 days.   (Voice-over):  Over 3,000 pagodas, temples and monasteries remain today.  Inside almost every one of them, a Buddha figure, each one different.   LAJAUNIE:  And I like how integrated it is with the trees, pastures.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  Actually, funny you should mention that. People used to live here, but the government came along in the '80s I believe and relocated.  It was a mass relocation project so any homes, anything, it was understood that this is a good, you know, just a tourist bucks here.  They've relocated the entire population.   We're in one of the first mass waves of tourists.  European tourists have been coming here in relatively small numbers for a long time, but the floodgates have certainly opened.  They are building hotels like crazy around this area, what's called a tourist triangle.   LAJAUNIE:  What is this here?  This is a nice color.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  As Myanmar begins its shift towards accommodating increasing tourism and a service economy to go with it, there will be adjustments.  There will be, of course, a downside.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  How might you pay?   BOURDAIN (on camera):  What's that going to mean?  How will Burmese react to all the good and the evils that come with tourism?   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  OK, Mister, what about you?  You buy one?  OK.   LAJAUNIE:  Perfect.   BOURDAIN:  It's going to mean mobility, it's going to mean prosperity for some.  It will mean a lot of bad things, too.  It will mean prostitution.  It will mean hustling.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  OK.   (CROSSTALK) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Buy one for the children.   LAJAUNIE:  OK.  And you too.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Everybody is selling to you.  You buy plenty. You buy plenty.  But you don't postcard.  That's not fair.  You buy postcard.   LAJAUNIE:  But I don't need the postcard.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  We're told the kids are dropping out of school to do this.  The double-edged sword of the service economy.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  You want to buy postcard for only $5, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  What I'm amazed is how friendly and open people are with us, and it's very easy for me to sit here and say whatever I want about the government, right?  Me can go home, you know.  Our lives will go on.  We don't pay the price for that show.  Everybody who helped us could very well pay that price.   It should be pointed out that a lot of people did not.  A lot of people were very nice to us but said, look, I just -- I've already been in jail, you know.  I really don't want to go back.  It's a very real concern what happens to the people we leave behind.  You know, one would think you can't win's one freedom, you know, they have tasted freedom.  Well, you know, you can't put the toothpaste back in the tube, you know.  There's no doubt about that.   (Voice-over):  But for the moment at least things seem to be moving in the right direction, a country closed off to most for so long, sleeping, a 50-year nightmare for many of its citizens, finally, may be waking up.  To what?  Time will tell.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Beautiful, right?  we can already indulge ourselves into something special, such a beautiful day.   ANTHONY BOURDAIN, CNN HOST:  Pony ride.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Absolutely.  Now we are coming to your most beautiful fascination side of Russian legacy, the birches, the forest of birch.   Ah, what a place.   (MUSIC) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  All hail, the maximum leader.  Now let's dance.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  OK.  Thank you.   (MUSIC) BOURDAIN:  Whatever you think of this guy, his dead, affectless eyes, his smooth pulled tight like a snare drum face, he ain't going anywhere.  Look at him.  He's the Russian superman, the KGB middle manager desk jockey turned expression of Greater Russia's hopes and dreams.   He lets no opportunity to take his shirt off pass him by.  Pose with a large gun, he's there.  And no matter how transparently autocratic, vengeful, oblivious to even a thin veneer of democracy, Russians love him.  They seem to feel about him like New Yorkers used to feel about Giuliani.  He may be a son of a bitch, but he's our son of a bitch. It's February 2014, and the Sochi Olympics are just coming up when I arrive in Moscow.  It's a different Moscow every time I come here. The '80s style go-go capitalist conspicuous consumption see who can spend the most money disco-techno thing that I encountered when I first came here  back in 2001, it's still going strong.  In fact, these days, Moscow has one of the highest concentrations of billionaires in the world.  But as never before, its imperial Russia now, a one-man rule.  All power emanates, every decision must consider, this guy.   (MUSIC) BOURDAIN:  Russia is full of characters with murky pasts and shadowy connections.  But one of them I've called a friend for more than a decade.   ZAMIR GOTTA:  Tony! wow.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  I guess I'm switching to vodka.  Zamir.   Now, my concern is back in the day, this place was famous for all of the rooms were bugged.   GOTTA:  Not anymore, I'm sorry.   BOURDAIN:  Oh, really?  I'm really sorry about that.   GOTTA:  Times change.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Poor Zamir, my long-time crony, he tries at least to be diplomatic about these things.  I mean, he's got to live here, right?  He doesn't want plusic (ph) acid on his blintzes.   (on camera):  Given the new, enlightened, the liberalized, forward- thinking Russia, they've removed the surveillance devices?   GOTTA:  Listen, as a born Moscowite, I'm trying to be a good patron. So I really want you to tell me, frankly, in a week from now, Zamir, now I understand why stereotypes sometimes send a bad message about Russia.   BOURDAIN:  I have an open mind.  Everything's great.  Russians have everything they want.   GOTTA:  Listen.  Why don't we just taste the vodka.   Oh, thank you.  The most gorgeous women are in Russia.  Welcome to Russia.   I'm trying to be kind of sober.  United we stand.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I prepared the special for you.  Russian tapas. Especially good (ph) for drinking with small pancakes like blinis and caviar.  Lots of cucumber with honey.  This is Baltic sprouts.  Smoky (INAUDIBLE) with beet root, and this one is (INAUDIBLE), this is a white fish frozen with smolten (ph) salt and a little bit pepper and you can eat your own. BOURDAIN:  Thank you, sir.  I'm hitting the caviar and the blini.  Oy- yoy-yoy.   GOTTA:  Maybe some more vodka.   BOURDAIN:  Thank you.   GOTTA:  And your smile makes it feel like it's water.   What do you think?  What is the perception of Mr. Putin these days, after 14 years he's in power?   BOURDAIN:  My perception?  You really want to hear it?  GOTTA:  I'm not sure, but let's see.   BOURDAIN:  A former midlevel manager in a large corporation, short -- I think that's very important, short -- who has found himself master of the universe.  And like a lot of short people, if you piss them off, bad things happen to you.  He likes to take his shirt off a lot.   GOTTA:  Let's be serious.   BOURDAIN:  He strikes me as a businessman.   GOTTA:  He is.   BOURDAIN:  A businessman with an ego.  OK.  So he's like Donald Trump but shorter.   GOTTA:  I think my friend needs some kind of booze.  To you, comrade. Like this, you know.   BOURDAIN:  You can have that one.  I'll get the other two.   GOTTA:  I'm serious about your one week stay in Russia.  I want you to enjoy every minute of it.  I hope you'll get something new, positive, to learn and share around the world.  That's my mission.   (MUSIC) (SHOUTING) GOTTA:  OK, Tony, so new experience, right, being part of the opposition rally.   BOURDAIN:  This is nothing new for me.  Blows against the empire. Speed fight (ph) the man.  That's me.  I go way back with this.  I marched on the Pentagon with my dad when I was a kid.   GOTTA:  Seriously.   BOURDAIN:  Yep.   GOTTA:  So you are well prepared.  It is physical and brutal today.   BOURDAIN:  I don't know.  If that dog was aiming for my nut sack, my day as a dissident will be over quickly.   (voice-over):  There is opposition to Putin but it's a mixed bag. (SHOUTING) BOURDAIN:  If you do see a demonstration like this one, it is with permission along a planned route, carefully managed, and the cops and security tend to outnumber the demonstrators.   GOTTA:  The main topic of this rally is to support the political prisoners.  Last May when they came to protest against Putin's re- election, which allegedly was also rigged. BOURDAIN (on camera):  The election results were, shall we say, dubious.   GOTTA:  Some of them were arrested and put in prison and some of them are still there.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Divide and conquer?  well, look who showed up today.  Everybody from human rights activists to ultra right-wing nationalists who think Putin has been too soft.   (on camera):  Putin is not right wing enough for them.   GOTTA:  No.  He's like a liberal to them.  He doesn't refuse immigrant workers.   BOURDAIN:  Right.  I'm sort of kind of shocked that these guys are at the same demonstration.   GOTTA:  Russians are not united against one political agenda.   BOURDAIN:  The only thing that's uniting this group is general unhappiness with Putin.   GOTTA:  That's it.   (MUSIC) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Bad things seem to happen to critics of Vladimir Putin.  Journalists, activists, even powerful oligarchs once seemingly untouchable, are now fair game if they displease the leader.  (on camera):  So we were supposed to be dining at another restaurant this evening and when they heard that you would be joining me, we were uninvited.  Should I be concerned about having dinner with you?   BORIS NEMTSOV, FMR. DEPUTY PRIME MINISTER OF RUSSIA:  This is a country of corruption.  And if you have business, you are in a very unsafe situation.  Everybody can press you and destroy your business. That's it.  This is a system.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Meet Boris Nemtsov.  He was deputy prime minister under Yeltsin and today is one of Putin's most vocal critics.  This restaurant was kind enough to take us in, but the chef is a Brit so maybe he has less reason to worry.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  First course, gentlemen?   BOURDAIN:  At Yornik restaurant, they are serving their own versions of dino-era Russian classics.  A modern riff on borscht, typically a chunky, hearty cabbage broth with chunks meat, here it's a puree with a more elegant, shall we say, deconstructed presentation.   (on camera):  Critics of the government, critics of Putin, bad things seem to happen to them.   NEMTSOV:  Yes.  Unfortunately, existing power represent what I say Russia of 19th century, not of 21st.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Critics of Putin, beware.  Oligarch Mikhail Khodorkovsky accused Putin of corruption and wound up spending ten years in prison and labor camps.  Alexander Litvinenko accused state security services of organizing a coup to put Putin in power.  He was poisoned by a lethal dose of radioactive polonium.  And Viktor Yushchenko, the former Ukrainian president, poisoned, disfigured and nearly killed by a toxic dose of dioxin.   I'm not saying official Russian bodies had anything to do with it, but it's mighty suspicious.   (on camera):  I don't think you need to be a conspiracy theorist to say whoever did this very much wanted everyone to know who done it. Everybody understands.   NEMTSOV:  Yes, of course.   BOURDAIN:  And everybody is meant to understand.   NEMTSOV:  Yes, everybody understands.  Everybody understands everything in this country.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  When you're talking classic conspiracy theories and classically Russian style paranoia, you want some classic Russian food to go along with it.  Pelmini, minced meat dumplings served on a pillow of cabbage with sour cream.  (on camera):  Mm, very good.  Maybe the most extreme and visible example of how things seem to work here is the Sochi Olympics.   NEMTSOV:  If you look at the map of Russian Federation, it's difficult to find a sport without knowing the (INAUDIBLE), but Putin did.   BOURDAIN:  It seems like a pretty obvious question, if you wanted to hold a winter Olympics in Miami, presumably someone would say isn't it a little warm there? NEMTSOV:  This is absolutely personal Putin project.  They spent more than $50 billion of dollars, which is the most expensive Games in the history of mankind.   BOURDAIN:  $26,000 a seat for the curling stadium?  To build?   GOTTA:  Per seat. NEMTSOV:  (INAUDIBLE) road from Adler to Krasnaya Polyana, which is 30 miles, price for that, $9 billion U.S.  This is a road, right?  It's three times expensive than American program flying to Mars.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  And who got many of those contracts for the roads and stadiums and infrastructure?  Well, there's these guys. Putin's childhood friends and judo partners, the Rottenburg brothers, whose companies received contracts worth upwards of $7 billion.  And Putin's associate of 20 years, Vladimir Yakunin, who owns the state railroads.  His company received $10 billion worth of contracts.  NEMTSOV:  It's very easy to imagine what's happened with this money.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  Right.   (voice-over):  And you know who cares in Russia?  Just about no one.   (on camera):  And here's -- this is a case of the Litvinenko case, a known enemy of Putin stricken with a bout of radioactive polonium. Aren't you concerned?   NEMTSOV:  Me, about myself?   BOURDAIN:  Yes.  You're a pain in the ass.   NEMTSOV:  Tony, I was born here 54 years ago.  This is my country. The Russian people are in bit of trouble.  Russian court doesn't work. Russian education decline every year.  I believe that Russia has a chance to be free.  Has a chance.  It's difficult but we must do it.  (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  America, yes.  All of Russia's eyes are upon you.  Bring honor to your clan.  GOTTA:  You know what, America, I will break you.  I will break you. (SINGING IN RUSSIAN) Forget about it.  I'll bury you.  I'll revoke your visa!  No!  Russia doesn't surrender! BOURDAIN (singing):  O'er the land of the free.   GOTTA:  Just missed it, buddy.  That was pretty close.   BOURDAIN:  I was actually out here all last night practicing. GOTTA:  You must be kidding. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  While Zamir contemplates a suddenly grimmer future thanks to me, I head out to Rublevka, a compound of luxury homes outside Moscow, to meet Alexander Lebedev.  At one time, Alexander was doing great.  Former officer of the intelligence services, like Putin, turned billionaire.  He owned pieces of Russia's most powerful energy companies, airlines and banks, and still publishes the Novaya Gazeta, one of the only opposition newspapers left in Russia.  But running a newspaper that's been harshly critical of the ruler has cost him.  He's been stripped of nearly everything.   (on camera):  It can be a dangerous thing to do investigative journalism in this country.  Your own paper, what, five journalists, six lost their lives?   ALEXANDER LEBEDEV, PUBLISHER, NOVAY GAZETA: Yes.  Probably the biggest number because there was no war in this country.  So in peaceful times, to lose six journalists killed is quite a lot.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Six journalists murdered, one paper. Presumably for their reporting on political corruption or human rights abuse.  Though pointing a finger directly at the government is impossible, one can say that the climate here is such that what you say can certainly get you killed.   (on camera):  You have at various stages made life difficult for yourself.  Business was very good for you, and then you had to have an opinion.   LEBEDEV:  When you interact with the local bureaucracies and judicial system, it still leaves a lot to be desired, let's put it this way.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Lebedev is now a potato farmer.   LEBEDEV:  That's my production.  That's my potato.   BOURDAIN:  The biggest producer in Russia, true, but his billions are gone.  He now lives the life of a mere millionaire.   LEBEDEV:  Let's see how you like this one.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  Mm, very good.   (voice-over):  Some freshly made potato chips that Levedev is very proud of.  And his personal chef prepares Scottish salmon, smoked on cherry tree sawdust, served with avocado.  (on-camera):  Mm. That was very good.   (voice-over):  Lately, he is getting into slow food.   LEBEDEV:  This is cold pressed cedar tree in Siberia.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  Cedar oil?   LEBEDEV:  From coal  (ph), from the cedar coal (ph). BOURDAIN (voice-over):  But he has not slowed down his profile or kept his mouth shut.  Recently, in a Russian talk show, he got in an argument over the financial crisis with another guest, a heated argument.  He ended up smacking the guy.   (on camera):  I saw the incident on television that got you in trouble.  I found it very refreshing, actually, I think it's something that political discourse could use more of. (voice-over):  The government took the opportunity to charge him with politically motivated hooliganism, a charge that could have resulted in a penalty of five years in prison.  He is instead been convicted of battery.  He is working off his sentence painting fences and shoveling snow.   LEBEDEV:  I mean, sitting on a bench and expecting to spend the next five years in prison with two small kids, it's not always, you know, very nice.  But the guy said something very bad.  He said those who don't have a billion, go (EXPLETIVE) themselves.   BOURDAIN:  Though his victim did not register an official complaint, the message I think was clear.   LEBEDEV:  The charges were pressed by the Russian state, which is pretty funny because this is a private accusation.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  It's dangerous, very dangerous, to criticize or investigate or speculate.  Why?  Why do you care?   LEBEDEV:  Do you really think you can defeat it? No. So why do it?  I hope. Hopefully, reason will prevail.  (COMMERCIAL BREAK) PRODUCER (text):  We're getting a couple audio hits.  We just need to change the channel. TRAVIS LINK, MANAGER, LUNA:  It's the KGB.  They're blocking your signal.  PRODUCER: I think they're listening to it. LINK:  I'm sure that they are, believe it or not.  I'm quite sure you've had someone on your tail the entire time you've been here.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  What's rock and roll supposed to be about other than cars and girls and aggression?  About dissent.  About rebellion, right?  In Russia, where everything is supposed to be just fine, that can be a dangerous position.   Travis Link is an ex-pat American who manages this band, Luna.  Ruben Kazarian is Luna's guitarist and song writer.   RUBEN KAZARIAN, GUITARIST, LUNA:  What we have now here is a facade and it's very nice, we have elections, democracy, courts, but always doesn't work as it should.  So that prevents right now in Russia to speak freely.  Formally nothing but in reality, a lot of things.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  Let's talk about MTV.  "Rebel Music" as I understand it was an MTV music series whose fundamental principle was to celebrate bands who say difficult things in environments where there might be repercussions.  And as I understand it, your band was chosen for one of seven episodes.   LINK:  Correct.   BOURDAIN:  And, in fact, one of your songs was used as the title track for the series.   LINK:  So I get a letter from the producer and essentially it says because of political pressure, the Russia episode has been removed from the "Rebel Music" series.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  According to the producer, MTV Russia pushed back on the content, she presumes because of the negative impact it would have on them and their ability to do business on a day-to-day basis in Russia.  MTV's official reason for removing Luna from the series is that they simply did not have enough time to air all the stories they filmed.   LINK:  This was a documentary series about musicians standing up, and risking their lives in some cases, to stand up against government abuse of power, government corruption, and yet a foreign government was able to editorially control what American viewers see on their TV screens.  That to me is a scandal of epic proportion.  This entire documentary's gone.   BOURDAIN:  Luna's song is the title track to the series, but their episode never happened.   (on camera):  The rest of Russia is very, very different than Moscow. I mean, here, you drive around, it's like Bentley, Ferrari, Maserati. You go to buy a pair of shoes, you pick up a Bentley on the way out. You tour a lot in Russia.  What do you see?   KAZARIAN:  We see a lot of problems.  We see the level of believing is very low.  There is something in music that unites everybody.  It's something beyond politics.  There's certain energy and this energy is the same in every country, in every city.  We have rock music, we have common people.  We're like you.   (MUSIC) GOTTA:  I'm going to the hometown of President Putin.  St. Petersburg. He was born there, started his career.   BOURDAIN (voice-over0:  The night train to St. Petersburg is one of the great fun things to do in Russia.  Roll on great steel wheels through the night, through dark forests of birch and snow.  Out there in the dark, visible for a second or two at a time, the real Russia, the one most Russians live in.   GOTTA:  So Tony, time to enjoy life.   BOURDAIN (on-camera):  The gentle chicken meat.   GOTTA:  I need something gentle, Tony.   BOURDAIN:  Your seat cushion (ph) and ratatouille.   May I propose a toast?  To gentle chicken meats.   (voice-over):  Pro tip.  If the word gentle is used on a menu, avoid those items and stick to the classics, like blini with caviar and cold pickled herring and potatoes and solyanka, the soup of sturgeon, salmon, olives and lemon.   (on camera):  Is health care free anymore in this country?   GOTTA:  Well, officially, they say free but if you want to get operation within a month, and you can't wait, you won't get it because long line of those.  BOURDAIN:  How about education?   GOTTA:  Up to the high school, it's still great.  The quality's not best as it used to be.  People used to get a lot of things for free. Now it's coming to an end.   BOURDAIN:  You asked for capitalism, you got it, buddy.  According to Reaganomics it's the trickle-down theory.  That means if I make lots and lots and lots and lots of money, money will somehow trickle down to you.  You know, my masseur, my garage attendant, my aerobic therapist. They of course will be making money.  I will be buying more things for various wives and prostitutes.  In this way, I don't exactly share the wealth, but I trickle it down and if you don't like your job --  GOTTA:  What can you do then?   BOURDAIN:  Mopping my feces-splattered walls, cleaning up my dead prostitutes, you can leave your job at Wal-Mart and become a billionaire like me.  Or you go on a reality show and become really, really rich.  Doing nothing.  It's fantastic.   GOTTA:  Tony, I'm convinced.  I think you know what you are doing in life, man.   BOURDAIN:  Did you put on your jammies?   GOTTA:  Uh-huh.   BOURDAIN:  I just want to state for the record, just because you are in the top bunk, that's no indication of any relationship that we may or may not have.   GOTTA:  You and me have to be very careful in public.  If we bring up subject like this, there could be some different repercussions. Tolerance never existed in Russia.  That's why when just recently people started to come out in Russia, like lesbians and gays, they were either fired from their jobs or were given like hard time to exist.  BOURDAIN:  But what about Tchaikovsky?   GOTTA:  They try not to acknowledge it by saying he was a great musician, so --  BOURDAIN:  He was a great musician who liked to have sex with other men.   GOTTA:  That's what people are not meant to learn in school.  (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  And that's the former palace?   GOTTA:  You remember what happened in October of 1917?   BOURDAIN:  Everybody came charging through, charged up the states and looted the Winter Palace.   GOTTA:  And (INAUDIBLE) before the judge of government (ph) had to put on his female outfit to escape the revolutionary peasants.   BOURDAIN:  That wouldn't go over well these days.   GOTTA:  Right.  Not anymore.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Recently in the run-up to the Sochi Olympics, attention has been drawn to a wave of rabidly homophobic remarks by public officials.  Images of gay and lesbian activists being beaten and harassed in the street, often with official or semi-official consent.  And a new law which claims to forbid promoting homosexual propaganda to minors, but which could be interpreted any way the authorities choose.   (on camera):  What's happening here?  What's going on?   XENA ROBREK, ARTIST & FILMMAKER:  Oh, my god.  I don't know what's going on.  Every day, I ask myself what's going on, what's going on.   BOURDAIN:  Do you have to be afraid?   ROBREK:  No.  I have nothing to lose.  So I can be myself.  I'm nobody in social system and I am independent (ph).   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Artist and film maker Xena Robrek is a brave young woman.  She's openly gay.  Lately, the actual hunting of gay people has been documented -- violent skinhead gangs who contact gay men and women online, arrange meetings under false pretenses, then violently ambush them.  There have been very few prosecutions.   DASHA, TRANSLATOR:  You can get killed for this.   BOURDAIN:  Our local fixer, Dasha, helps translate.   DASHA:  She had a situation once where the skinheads attacked her on the street.  Not only once.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  This new law prohibits propaganda?   ROBREK:  Amongst minors.  (SPEAKING RUSSIAN) DASHA:  It's like the anti-Soviet propaganda, you can go to jail for anything.   BOURDAIN:  It means whatever they want it to mean.   DASHA:  Yes.  We -- how many gay families we have, with kids, and those people are in maximum stress right now because their families might be hooligans.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  We rightly see this as outrageous.  The Russian public, however, it's very likely a vote-getter.  A cynical pandering to a powerful and enduring vein of deep-seated homophobia that goes way, way back.  (on camera):  What do you think the source of this hatred is?   ROBREK:  It's not about Russian or the church.  It's about political structure.  It's about power.  We have two Russias.   BOURDAIN:  OK.  What are they?   DASHA:  Big like big bear.  Not very sophisticated but it's an instincts country.   BOURDAIN:  OK DASHA:  And the other side is the country of intelligent people, thoughtful people.   BOURDAIN:  A lot of these political leaders, are they using the issue of gay rights to appeal to a larger audience?   ROBREK:  They try to play with bear.   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  Right, because usually what happens when you play with the bear is tomorrow or the next day or the next day, the bear eats you.   ROBREK:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  Are you hopeful?   DASHA:  It's about responsibility.  We should never give up.   (MUSIC) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Farm to table, in Russia?  Organic?  Local? Why, yes.  There are those who are trying. Sergey Shnurov is a very popular musician and leader of the band Leningrad. Leningrad was banned in Moscow purportedly for promoting alcoholism.   (on camera):  Cheers.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  (SPEAKING RUSSIAN) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  This is Sergey's wife, Matilda.  Together they have opened this restaurant, Cococo, with the mission to bring genuinely local, quality Russian food to diners.   MATILDA SHNUROVA:  We opened this restaurant one year ago which will work only with local farmers and we are the first to do it.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  In all of Russia.   SHNUROVA:  Yes, in all of Russia.   Traditional combination, rye bread and Russian fish.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Chef Igor Grishechkin's version of sushi. Instead of rice, more traditional Russian black bread with sprouts, mackerel, cod liver and salmon caviar.  Old school, but looks new school.   (on camera):  When I first came here 2001, the best restaurant in Moscow was a nightmare of French, Japanese ingredients, recipes from nowhere.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Everyone hated Russia, wanted to be someone else.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Pearl barley, lightly smoked raw beef topped with quail egg.   (voice-over):  Very interesting combination.  Very nice.  What's the most popular thing?  What do people want?   SHNUROVA:  The most popular is Italian-Japanese cuisine.  And karaoke. (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN (on camera):  Sounds like a nightmare.   SHNUROVA:  Cheers.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  That was good.  (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Before Putin, before Gorbachev, Khruschev, Stalin and Lenin, there was this.  Imperial Russia.  Mighty palaces spread across the empire where the very, very few lived in unimaginable luxury. GOTTA:  That's Paul, Czar Paul. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  While their people worked and starved.   (on camera):  Didn't work out so well for Paul, did it?   GOTTA:  Not really.   BOURDAIN:  They choked the dude to death, right?   GOTTA:  Actually strangled with a piece of cord.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  The czars of previous centuries were certainly living the good life.  Money no object when it came to personal comfort or luxurious lodgings.  And today's imperial powers seem not far behind.  Putin allegedly had a billion dollar palace built for him.  We couldn't license the actual smuggled photo, but our artist rendering looks like this.   A Putin spokesman dismissed all this, telling "The New York Times," "We have Congress halls built for the Kremlin but if you call all of them Putin's palace, it is nothing but absurd." (on-camera):  Vodka.  Haven't tasted that before.  So what would I be doing on my outing if I were a czar, looking for cool arts (ph) to oppress?   GOTTA:  Something, enjoying life.   BOURDAIN:  Picking up some good speed here.   GOTTA:  Oh, OK. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Some suggested that Russia is, after all this time, coming full circle -- a tiny, tiny minority in possession of nearly unlimited power and wealth.   (on camera):  The idea of running up the steps and disemboweling royals, I can easily imagine myself doing that.  It would not take much convincing.   GOTTA:  Wow.  That's a pleasant surprise.   BOURDAIN:  I would hurl them all into the sea tomorrow.   (voice-over):  After the revolution, in a blood-forced strategy designed to even things out, the government seized private residences, dividing them into little pieces and portioning them out to the masses who were swarming in from the countryside to serve the new industrialized Soviet Union. (on camera):  I never had any ideas of growing up in a socialist wonderland.  Like when I was a brief period when I was a hippie and the idea of living in a commune, not attractive to me.   GOTTA:  I was born in a communal flat with three other families, sharing one john, one kitchen.   BOURDAIN:  No way.   GOTTA:  They would hit me when I had no food.   BOURDAIN:  No way.  I share my toilet with no man.   (MUSIC) URI, HUMAN RIGHTS ACTIVIST:  Take the first left, please.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Meet Uri, human rights activist, professor of journalism, one of 26 tenants living in this communal apartment.  An arrangement basically unchanged since Soviet times. URI:  Just in case you change your mind --  BOURDAIN:  And it's here that I see for the first time a glimpse of my friends in the years mysterious past, growing up in a home just like this one.   GOTTA:  In Russia, normally people dip yoru bread into this canned shit and like this. BOURDAIN (on camera):  So this was normal for you growing up? GOTTA:  Yes.  I wouldn't drink booze until probably 22 but -- I'll show you how it workings.   BOURDAIN:  So who decided to moved into these places?   GOTTA:  Those who were in charge of the specific communal services and residential department would assign x amount to this plan, to that plan.   BOURDAIN:  Did you got to choose your neighbors though?   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  No.  I got that.   URI (via translator):  In the present day Russia, there has never been a reason to create infrastructure to make people's lives better. Nobody cared about the people that they should have a decent toilet or shower.   BOURAIN:  So how is it lately?  Better?  Worse?  URI (via translator): So Vladimir Putin changed the whole landscape in the country.  First of all, he started to clamp down on the human rights, on these democratic right.  The most recent laws and changes in the constitution bring up the old Soviet Union type of structure in the country.   BOURDAIN:  So what happens next?   GOTTA: A year before the Soviet Union collapse, you would never believe in your wildest dreams it would happen.  Nowadays you think it's a similar situation; it looks like stable, people are busy, money is made, rich cars.  But it can't go on like this for too long.  So Uri predicts it could be in a similar overnight collapsing situation.   So there is some hope --  BOURDAIN:  You're due for some major renovations.  (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Just another crisp morning in St. Petersburg.   GOTTA:  Yva (ph River, ice fishing paradise.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  Yes?  I wouldn't go out on that, not for a million dollars, man, not now.  It's total unstable.   GOTTA:  Lessons of history.   BOURDAIN:  Where are we?   GOTTA:  Peter and Paul Fortress which used to be a place for the Romanov who are a little  bit executed in 1917.   BOURDAIN:  A little bit?  They were very executed. GOTTA:  How were they found. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Originally built to defend the Swedes -- God I hate those maurading Swedes -- the Peter and Paul Fortress was overrun by the Bolsheviks during the revolution.   (on camera):  So the 100-year anniversary of what is coming up?   GOTTA:  Great October socialist revolution -- in three years from now. So I smell, with that this disparity gap in the society, very rich and very poor, that someone might bring up the masses back to Winter Palace and storm it again, like 100 years, nothing changed.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Every day at noon without fail, this D 30 .122 Howitzer is fired to commemorate the revolution.   GOTTA:  Ready to load.  Load it.  Very solemn moment.  Moment of truth, Tony, for you.   (BELL TOLLING) GOTTA:  Come up.  One, two, four. (GUN FIRE) GOTTA:  Sweet.  Enemy is destructed.  Congratulations, you are the hero of Russia now.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  Sweet.   GOTTA:  You can't take it on the plane, though.  They won't understand.   BOURDAIN:  Not even carry on?   (voice-over):  Since the filming of this show, a number of things have happened.  Putin's Sochi Olympics, a  blatant exercise of political muscle and a financial boondoggle the size unheard of in history, went off as planned.  Russia won many gold medals, the most of any country in competition, which was really all that mattered.   A few journalists complained about the bathrooms, but that is all but forgotten.  More than $50 billion of mostly public money -- gone.   Ukraine rose up and their despotic pro-Putin president run away.  As if a foregone conclusion, Russia, in broad daylight, has recently annexed the Crimea and, as I'm writing this, is massing tens of thousands of troops on the border of Ukraine.   The world has done nothing.  It will do nothing, as Vladimir well knew.  He wins again.   (MUSIC PLAYING) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  One of our roles here has always been to take away excess money from people who don't know what to do with it, who can't think of a better idea about how to spend their money.   In the old days, the mechanism for doing that was you would throw it on a table.  Put that into the context of throwing away a bottle of 7- Up in a club.  That's we're only slightly more honest about it. ANTHONY BOURDAIN, CNN HOST:  You're talking crass commercialism in the very best sense of the word.  This is it.   Is this the cultural center of the country?  We may not want to think it is, but is it?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  What is the rest of the country?  I don't know. But it's that place that they all leave and come here.   (MUSIC PLAYING) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I can go to the desert, but I am not going to get there by accident.  But that's part of the whole experience of the desert is that, you know, it ain't friendly.  It ain't nice.  It ain't good, you know?   You're out here, you know, a half a mile, it doesn't matter if you're half a mile out or you're 20 miles out.  There's no reason to walk a mile further.  You're already in infinite desolation.   Sin City was true, it was real.  Part of moving out here was you were never going to see your family again.  That was it.  I'm moving to Vegas and you ain't coming to see me and I ain't coming to see you. That's the character of the city.   It really was, you know, the pit of America.  It wasn't that somebody came out here because I'm going to make a million bucks.  It was I'm going to come out here and I'm going to survive and you all ain't going to bug me anymore back home. (MUSIC PLAYING) ANTHONY BOURDAIN, CNN HOST (voice-over):  In Vegas, there's winners and losers.  And God knows I've been both.  In a place like this where you can lose your shirt on the unlucky turn of a card, you need a friend.  And for my sins, I got Ruhlman.  Currently evading prosecution in just about every jurisdiction from his hometown, Cleveland, to Grand Forks, wanted for bail jumping, usury, misuse of livestock, assault, grand theft auto, also the respected author of such food related classics as "The French Lottery Cookbook" and "Soul of a Chef," he washed up in Vegas at just the right time.   Vegas was always the most unlikely of dreams, the longest of long shots in the middle of the desert, a real but imaginary space that keeps expanding, creeping ever larger across the wasteland.   Back in the '40s, the '50s, it was a small town; 100,000 became 300,000 became 500,000, then a million, then two.  But it doesn't matter if it was five years ago or 50.  The town has always ended like this, an abrupt cut in the desert racks on the horizon.   But there are comfortable dark places, too, where a man can have a drink meet like-minded sophisticatos of the Open West, places like this. (MUSIC PLAYING) UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  It's the good stuff.  That's Jameson Black. BOURDAIN:  I'll give you 30 of those. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Huntridge Tavern, where those who have to live it, see it, the things that men do day after day, night after night, in a town where people are encouraged to do their worst, where they can drink the stain away.   BOURDAIN:  This is the side of Vegas I like, this side, yes, because people here are really cynical. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Really. BOURDAIN:  They have a dim world view.  Even more dim than me.  That's hard.   You know what this whole show's about?  You know there's a theme. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  No. BOURDAIN:  This is about people who live here, you know.  When all the meatheads come and go, they're still here.  These people have seen every variety of horrifying human behavior.  The old business model was come to Vegas and behave really, really badly. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I think it's encouraged people to be their worst. They're expected to do that.  Kind of makes my skin crawl. BOURDAIN:  Really?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Not here.  Here, I like it.  I'm comfortable here. BOURDAIN:  Is this an easy town to make a living or a hard town to make a living?   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Depends on what you do, 25 years behind the bar, you see some shit. BOURDAIN:  If you were born and bred here --  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  I am. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  She's third generation. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Third generation.   BOURDAIN:  Third generation.  So, then, are you an optimist or a pessimist?  Do you think that basically the human race are good people?   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  I would say roughly half of them. (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  Half are going. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Half are going. BOURDAIN:  Hey. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  There are probably more knuckleheads per square foot in the Vegas Strip than anywhere in America. BOURDAIN:  Yes, but I'm not hanging with those people, man.  There will be a few high end meals during our adventure here.  We will be sampling the other side.  But there's a price. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  There is always a price with you. (MUSIC PLAYING) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  There are places in Vegas where the available rooms are not listed on any websites, places reserved for the whales, the high rollers, the $10 million-a-night gamblers who arrive by private plane. (MUSIC PLAYING) BOURDAIN:  Bobby Flay probably lives like this all the time. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.  It could have been dark, couldn't it.  It's very dark here.  I honestly never thought it would have come to this. BOURDAIN:  Well, it was Duncan Frey's 14 years ago, so... UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  You have made some steps up. BOURDAIN:  You make me feel better about all of this luxury looking back at that. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.  You deserve this. BOURDAIN:  You're right.  You're right. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  You deserve this. BOURDAIN:  Entering my golden years era.  They don't show this in the Viagra commercials.  They're always running down a beach with a tennis racket but they're never sitting here.   You know, go out and kill some young people.   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  You'd be like throw them into a prison in there.  It would be cold.   To victory, Ruhlman.  Victory in our time.   (MUSIC PLAYING) BOULDEN (voice-over):  You always try to comfort yourself in situations like this thinking, oh, I'm sure there are people who are really, really wealthy, they're probably really miserable.  They don't know the sort of ups and downs, the happiness, the contrasts, the passion that I have.   But we don't know, do we?   Right. Like maybe every day is like wonderful. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Just to welcome, it's a toast for -- (CROSSTALK) BOURDAIN:  Lovely. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes, sir.  It was (INAUDIBLE). UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Perfect.  Thank you.   BOURDAIN:  Mmm.  Delicious. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Perfect.  Perfect. (MUSIC PLAYING) BOULDEN (voice-over):  Octavius Villa at Caesar's Palace.  A little pad they give you if your credit line runs into the eight figures.   How did I get it?  I told the casino that Wolf Blitzer was coming, that he was expected any minute.  I suggested that Wolf might be hungry and they sent up Guy Savoy.  Fortunately he doesn't watch a lot of television and I plan to live large until they figure out that Wolf ain't coming.  I'll deal with the fallout later.  But for now, we live. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  So gentlemen, this dish is called a collage of caviar, everything is in layers.  In the bottom of the glass you will find caviar vinaigrette, topped with a cream of caviar, then topped with a puree of French green beans with caviar.  Then a Grenaille of golden Szechuan (ph) caviar and which are finishing the dish with a caviar sabayon (ph). BOURDAIN:  Ahh, beautiful.  Look at that. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It's rare that I say it's too beautiful to eat. BOURDAIN:  I was just thinking that.   Oh, speaking of fantastically luxurious --  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  So messieurs, this is a specialty of Mr. Savoy, the (INAUDIBLE) with fresh black truffles and shavings of aged Parmesan cheese. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Oh, man.  That's truffle. BOURDAIN:  Mmm. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  So messieurs, this is a combination of pheasant, white rabbit, duck, seared foie gras, cabbage and white mushrooms. Please enjoy. BOURDAIN:  Wow, look at this.  That is beautiful.   You feel guilty eating this well?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I do. BOURDAIN:  You do?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I do. BOURDAIN:  I'm feeling guilty now but it will pass. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I will follow you then. BOURDAIN:  Wow.  You ever even seen anything like this?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I don't think I've seen anything like this anywhere. BOURDAIN:  Yes, me either. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  And the thing is, you can see the main pool in front of the window here.  You can see the hoi polloi. BOURDAIN:  I was thinking of inviting them up to our crib for a party. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Don't you do dare that.  No. BOURDAIN:  Don't they deserve a good time?  I don't know.  Maybe not. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Not going to happen. BOULDEN:  We're getting back to guilt.  Do you feel enlightened and inspired by this meal?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  What are you asking?  What are you getting at here?  You're trying to get at something. BOURDAIN:  Trying to make myself feel better.  I'm trying to prove that I'm down with the people, man.  I'm still cool. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  This guilt keeps coming back.  You keep bringing up the guilt. BOURDAIN:  You're right.  I feel guilty. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  What are you doing here if you feel so guilty about it?   BOURDAIN:  I don't.  I don't.  I feel guilty about not feeling guilty. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  That's more to the point.  Now you're being honest with yourself. BOURDAIN:  Right.  (MUSIC PLAYING) (COMMERCIAL BREAK)  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It's so easy to say I came out here because it's a lot of opportunity.  Well, that's really great.  If you're not here for that, why else are you here?   It's the good old wreck your life scenario.  That's always pretty popular.  You can change your mind about wrecking your life, now what do I do?  There's a lot less self-reflection about why people are here than there is about most other places.  What a lost opportunity that is. (MUSIC PLAYING) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Sinatra and the Mob are gone but there remains still a certain sentimental attachment to the way things used to be. There were rules then, a way that things were done, and when they weren't done, there was always the desert and a hole in the ground.   Also, there were lounges and rub joints and places where a man could get a proper plate of Italian American meatballs and spaghets. Thankfully there are still such places, places like this, The Bootlegger.   It's a family operation.  Mama Maria's family has been running it for 41 years.  You got your veal parm, your fettuccini Alfredo, your steaks and shrimps.  Don't forget the iceberg wedge with the bleu cheese, which believe me, you want. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.  Welcome to The Bootlegger.   (APPLAUSE) LAURA SCHAFER (PH), SINGER:  Thank you very much.  This is Charlie Schafer (ph), my esteemed father.  My name is Laura Schafer (ph) and we are your entertainment for the evening.   (MUSIC PLAYING) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  The Bootlegger has the reputation for being a locals joint and it is but there's a lot of out-of-towners, too, sentimental fools like me who, if they don't miss Sinatra, definitely miss Dino and Louis Prima and Keely Smith. SCHAFER (PH):  When I was 19, I got my first show on the strip and it was a small casino which is not there anymore now, now it's been imploded for something newer, bigger and better.   What I do, anyway, it's part jazz, part nostalgia, but obviously I do it with a heavy dose of nostalgia because I'm recreating the whole look, not just singing the old songs, which is what makes it fun for me.   (MUSIC PLAYING) BOURDAIN:  Pick one, Dean Martin or Frank Sinatra.  You get to see one of them live in a small room like this. SCHAFER (PH):  Frank Sinatra. BOURDAIN:  I'm going with Dino. SCHAFER (PH):  I like Dino as a person better because I've never heard anybody say anything bad about him. BOURDAIN:  Whereas Sinatra, you would have a hard time hearing something good. There does seem to be a sound track to Old Vegas. SCHAFER (PH):  A sound track -- BOURDAIN:  Right.  Yes.  Yes.  Yes.  Does that help?   SCHAFER (PH):  Who, me?  Or any other entertainers?   BOURDAIN:  Well, an affection for the classics.  An expectation that while I'm here, I should hear some standards. SCHAFER (PH):  I don't know if there's a certain place that people stay who are sentimental about Las Vegas because there are very few hotels left that were there in the old days.  They have all been imploded. BOURDAIN:  They recreated Ancient Rome sort of and the Amalfi Coast and Paris.  You would think somebody would want to recreate Vegas.  I would go there. SCHAFER (PH):  I would work there.   (MUSIC PLAYING) SCHAFER (PH):  Thank you very much. (MUSIC PLAYING) PENN JILLETTE, ENTERTAINER:  You used to be able to go see Louis Prima, 3:00 am, have breakfast and then go out and watch an atomic bomb explode in the distance. BOURDAIN:  That sounds like a good time. JILLETTE:  That's the time I would like to live in. BOURDAIN:  Was it better before?  Is it better now?  Is it different?   JILLETTE:  It's better to talk about before.  People loved having their Mob stories and there's that weird romance of bad people. BOURDAIN:  Yes. JILLETTE:  I don't think it actually was better.  I think it was really good if you were Sinatra. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Penn Jillette, another cog in the entertainment machine, though at a somewhat more elevated level.  Of the live acts left in Vegas, his might be the biggest draw.   I suggested this place because Raku off the Strip is where every chef I know who knows this town said I should go.   The Japanese modern izakaya, known as one of the best places to eat in Vegas, casual but pricey, pricey because the ingredients, many from around the world.  There is sea urchin from Santa Barbara.  OK, that's not too far, but good.   The tuna is from Spain, where it's best.  The fresh river crab from Japan. JILLETTE:  That was good, right?   BOURDAIN:  Yes.  Delicious. JILLETTE:  I didn't know oysters came that big. BOURDAIN:  Oh, yes. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Hasaki sashimi, hasaki belly, juicy deep-fried chicken, hamachi belly and one of my favorites, fish collar, where all the best, tastiest, moistest, meatiest bits hide their favors.  Penn has been living here and performing here for over 20 years.  He knows. JILLETTE:  The thing about magic is, you cannot see it electronically. Many people come to Vegas are people that see one or two live shows a year and if you see one or two live shows, you might as well see something that you can only see live. BOURDAIN:  Right. JILLETTE:  You can never, ever see a magician anyway but live. BOURDAIN:  These days for better or worse, live acts, live performers, are being squeezed out in favor of EDM, electronic dance music.  It's a deejay's world and where once they used to say cocaine was God's way of telling you had too much money, now maybe EDM is. JILLETTE:  We get invited to all the openings of the new clubs but I simply don't understand it.  And I'm embarrassed that I don't understand it. BOURDAIN:  Are we just old?   JILLETTE:  I think that might be it.   BOURDAIN:  Or are non-juicy (ph)? JILLETTE:  I don't know.  You want to spin it the latter, I'm afraid it might be the former. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Used to be a whole spectrum of entertainers who existed almost entirely in Vegas.  Danny Ganz was huge here. Wayne Newton.  They were gods.   But what's the big money draw now?  This.   (MUSIC PLAYING) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Come, ye lords and princelings of douchedom (ph), here my clarion call.  Anointed thyself with gel and heavenly body spray.  Maketh the sign of the devil horns with thine hands.  Let there be high-fiving and the hugging of many bros, for this is the kingdom and the power.  Now frolic and maketh it to rain. BOURDAIN:  You've got this.  Power. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes, man, it's crazy. BOURDAIN:  Just press a button and people respond. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  They do, man. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Wednesday night at The Marquee.  Deejay Jason Lima works for the house.  Tonight at Marquee and at other clubs like it around Vegas, somewhere between 8,000 and 10,000 people are going to stop by and drop a whole buttload of cash. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It's not just coming in here and ordering a bottle and sitting there drinking it.  You're getting a full-on group experience. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  The new money, the new Vegas, where the take at the big nightclubs is outpacing the take from gambling and slots, where everybody for the right price and with enough sparkles and the right mix can be a winner.   BOURDAIN:  After you finish work, how long does it take for your adrenaline to level off?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  At least an hour. BOURDAIN:  What are your dreams like now?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I'm not going to lie.  Sometimes I close my eyes and I still see the strobes, ears are ringing, I've still got like flash of the strobe lights.  (COMMERCIAL BREAK)  (MUSIC PLAYING) OSCAR GOODMAN, FORMER MAYOR, LAS VEGAS:  Las Vegas is an adult playland.  And that's what we intend to be.  If people want to see Mickey Mouse, they can go 175 miles down the road.  If they want to see Bugsy Siegel under a rock, they stay here. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Is there a Mr. Vegas like Elvis or Wayne Newton or Bugsy Siegel used to be?   If there is, it would probably be this guy, former mayor Oscar Goodman, a man who knows allegedly and to the best of my knowledge where all the bodies are buried, some of them equally allegedly by some of his former clients.   We meet over drinks at Oscar's, the steakhouse that bears his name and boasts beef, booze and broads. BOURDAIN:  You've got some colorful clients. Who was nice and who was less fun to have a...? GOODMAN:  Well, the truth of the matter is, all my clients were nice to me because I kept them out of prison. BOURDAIN:  Did alleged mob guys know how to eat?   GOODMAN:  My mother used to say two things, she said.  She was the greatest lady.  She said Oscar's clients don't hurt anybody, they just kill each other.  And she also said Oscar's clients take us to the best restaurants. BOURDAIN:  They knew where to go. GOODMAN:  They knew where to go.  Yes.  And were always treated right. They were always treated like kings and queens. BOURDAIN:  Did the Feds hold it against you?  You were just doing your job. GOODMAN:  They didn't see it that way.  They thought I was a consigliere.  As a matter of fact, in order to murder somebody, they had to get my permission.  That's how stupid these people were. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Anthony "The Ant" Spilatro (ph), Meyer Lansky (ph), these were gentlemen not unknown to Mayor Goodman. GOODMAN:   A lot of people will tell you it was a better place when the Mob was running it.  In many ways, that's true. BOURDAIN:  There were rules then that mattered.  You know the old saying, what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas.  Back when the Mob ran things, there was a certain urgency to that suggestion. GOODMAN:  Always talking about with Prince Harry, that's a perfect example.  Here's a guy who was here having a good time.  In the Old Vegas, that would never have happened.  There would never have been a disclosure.  In today's modern age, it was all over the world in moments. BOURDAIN:  Moments. GOODMAN:  Yes. (MUSIC PLAYING) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  It says something about the town that his honor served three terms as mayor.  He's an unabashed booster, entrepreneur, drinker of hard liquor and gambler and he was never shy about admitting it.   BOURDAIN:  It's unique.  It's its own hothouse environment. GOODMAN:  That's what Vegas is.  Vegas is unique.   But I'll tell you one thing, you go to the airport here, everybody is smiling.  When they come in, they're smiling.  They can't wait to lose their money and then when they leave, they're smiling after they've lost their money.  So I think it's very, very special, a special place kind of place that people can take their basest instincts and just let it fly.  I think that's good.  I have no problem with that at all. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  When you come to Vegas, you see this, the lights and smoke and mirrors, the casino floors.   But who manages the machine?  Where do they come from?   Beneath the floors, behind the walls, above the winking surveillance camera lenses, a whole other world manned by thousands and thousands of waiters, maintenance people, repairmen, chefs, engineers, plumbers and croupiers. Three shifts a day they slip in and out of the casinos almost unseen through their own entrances, but it's these people who have seen it all, seen everything, night after night.   Benny (ph) has been working here since Caesar's opened in August of 1966.  He's dealt cards to everybody. BENNY (PH), CROUPIER:  I've dealt to Diana Ross, Harry Belafonte, Sinatra, Sammy Davis. BOURDAIN:  Sinatra was not supposed to be particularly amiable at the table. BENNY (PH):  Sinatra was class. BOURDAIN:  Really?   BENNY (PH):  He was class.  He was a gentleman.  But those were the days.  But it's nice now, too. BOURDAIN:  Would you describe yourself as a degenerate gambler?   ERIC LINDGREN (PH), PROFESSIONAL GAMBLER:  I definitely have been. I'm trying to move past that.  We have a 2-year-old at home.  So I'm working in that phase, but I'll always have that gambling gear, there's no doubt about it. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Eric and Erica Lindgren (ph) are professional gamblers, poker players, to be precise.  It's routine for them to sit down to a game with a bankroll of half a million dollars.  Tonight, slightly smaller stakes. ERIC LINDGREN (PH):  Hey, Benny, what are -- how do you like my chances?   BENNY (PH):  Good.  Good. ERICA LINDGREN (PH), PROFESSIONAL GAMBLER:  That's a trained answer. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Instead of actual poker, we are set up with a dumbed down for the camera version of Texas hold 'em.  You play against the house.  The odds, to say the least, are stacked against you. BENNY (PH):  Oh, here's a winner.  Here's a winner.  Two pair.  He's cutting up over there.  See how easy it is?  You got this game down. BOURDAIN:  Uh-oh.  Those are famous last words. ERIC LINDGREN (PH):  All right.  Let's put out a hondo, let's see what happens. BENNY (PH):  All right.  Now we have a pair of 7s. ERIC LINDGREN (PH):  I want to bet. BENNY (PH):  OK.  I have trips.  That's going to be pretty hard to beat. BOURDAIN:  You're a dead man, Benny. BENNY (PH):  I'm a dead man. ERIC LINDREN (PH):  I'll bet again. BENNY (PH):  OK.  Two pair.  Pair of deuces.  Two pair.  Pair of 10s. ERIC LINDREN (PH):  Oh, no. BENNY (PH):  Pair of kings. ERIC LINDREN (PH):  Benny!  BENNY (PH):  Full house. ERIC LINDREN (PH):  Goodness, Benny. BENNY (PH):  Huh?   ERIC LINDREN (PH):  You got a full house.  This is unbelievable.  Is there a cooler standing behind us?   BOURDAIN:  All right.  That works for me. BENNY (PH):  Thank you very much. BOURDAIN:  This is what we call a learning experience in my case. ERIC LINDREN (PH):  That was fun.  We got away with our shirts. BOURDAIN:  Let's not do it again. ERIC LINDREN (PH):  Let's never do it again.       (COMMERCIAL BREAK)  ANTHONY BONDI (PH), ARTIST:  It's easy to find people that will help you untangle the mess, but somebody's got to be the one to create the mess in the first place. It's called untangling. Where's our metaphor here?  Easy to tangle, but untangle this.  This is going to be so much fun. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Anthony Bondi is an artist and a born and bred Las Vegas native.  After many adventures and I'm guessing some misadventures as well, he chose to live here. BONDI (PH):  To what degree am I complicit in the worst of our city by making art that glorifies the city?   I don't profit directly from what those people do but, of course, I do, because I live in the city and as that money rolls all around us.  But how do we live with it?  It's not what why and where the people come from who do the grotesque things people do here.  It's how do we live here complicit in it.  That's the big issue is be able to be self-reflective about the place or you have to go and stay high all the time because of the shame.   I mean, you know, which is another popular way to deal with living here. BOURDAIN:  Is Vegas a friendly town?   BONDI (PH):  Yes, always friendly, because that's our job. BOURDAIN:  But I mean to itself.  You're a local. BONDI (PH):  No. BOURDAIN:  No. BONDI (PH):  Not a bit.  This town has never had any respect whatsoever for the people who just happened to live here.  In the old days, we were co-conspirators in those days.  We weren't citizens. The new authority, the new power is exactly as anonymous as the old power.  No poll number, no access.  It's not a fan. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Though it's been for some years an art community in Vegas, you know, like art that makes your life, all our lives, better and makes us think.   Granted, Vegas is a town designed to make you not think, just separate you from your money in as pleasurable a way as possible, so pleasurable that even after you limp out of town leaking from your ass, with nothing in your pockets, you want to come back and do it again.  Reflection, not so good. BOURDAIN:  As a resident, what are the general rules of survival?   BONDI (PH):  Don't cry about being broke.  If I'm broke, more than likely it's because I threw away my money and too bad for me because I didn't get lucky. BOURDAIN:  Don't complain about being broke.  OK.   What's another one?   BONDI (PH):  Well, smile.  That is absolutely a local characteristic. BOURDAIN:  This is a service industry town. BONDI (PH):  One of our roles here has always been to take away excess money from people who don't know what to do with it and who can't think of a better idea about how to spend their money.  We'll always take it. BOURDAIN:  Is that worse than before?  BONDI (PH):  The wrong is there are people with that kind of income who could put it to so many thrilling uses and can think of nothing so crass and boring than to wave the money in the air and throw it away.   How loathsome, but within us, within those of us who live here is that challenge.  This has always been.  Here we are. (MUSIC PLAYING) UNIDENTIFIED MALE (voice-over):  You are sitting in Lotus Siam, the best Thai restaurant in Vegas by far.  And one of the best Thai restaurants in America. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Jet Tila (ph) has been here before.  An L.A. guy, he came out here to do four years as executive chef at Encore, a Wynn (ph) casino on the strip.  He's a reigning authority on Thai food but really, everybody who loves Thai food knows about this place. JET TILA (PH), EXECUTIVE CHEF, ENCORE:  What you should order here should only be northern.  You go to the back of the menu, it's northern specialties.  You come here and eat chicken with cashew nuts and drunken noodles, I'm going to punch you in the face. BOURDAIN:  Right. TILA (PH):  It's one of those restaurants. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Sipend Shutuma (ph) is the owner and chef. Now get this.  And it's important.  You don't do pad Thai here.  You do what they are uniquely superb at, which is specifically the food of Northern Thailand. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Num trik (ph). BOURDAIN:  Oh, yes, yes, of course, love it. TILA (PH):  The literal translation, chili dip.  It's really more of like a composed room-temperature salad.   Nam koa ta (ph) is a puffed crispy rice salad with preserved pork sausage. BOURDAIN:  That's good. TILA (PH):  Jackfruit salad. BOURDAIN:  Jackfruit salad. TILA (PH):  This is hung leh, a pork curry braised down with garlic and ginger. BOURDAIN:  This pork is amazing. TILA (PH):  Isn't that great?  And that's northern love. BOURDAIN:  Right. TILA (PH):  Very important dish. BOURDAIN:  Oh, that looks really pretty. TILA (PH):  This is kow soy (ph), this is the food my grandma made. BOURDAIN:  That's perfection, man. TILA (PH):  What I love about Vegas Asian food is on one street you have the best Szechuan food, the best Cantonese food, you drive down the street and you get the best Thai food.  It's a funky, awesome Asian -- (CROSSTALK) BOURDAIN:  How did that happen?   TILA (PH):  Gambling. BOURDAIN:  But I mean, were there high rollers who would come into town --  TILA (PH):  A dude with a $2 million to $10 million credit line who wins is going to go eat a $10 Chinese meal because it's the closest thing he has to home food.  I'm going to go eat Asian food, I'm going to come back and I'm going to drop $5 million more and then go home.    (COMMERCIAL BREAK)  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  This is what avant garde cooking is.  People think that we want to do things in a way because we want to be cool.  No. We do it because really, we believe we are increasing the value of the product we are working with.  We are giving you the essence. BOURDAIN:  E by Jose Andres, tonight, three seats, tucked away in the back of another of Jose's restaurants, Paella (ph), behind the guys making paella over open flame in the center of a crowded dining room. Quiet, serene, a kind of magic.   This is, granted, a far cry from the $1 shrimp cocktail and the all- you-can-eat buffets groaning under the weight of a thousand cars. Iberico ham and bean soup with black and roasted garlic.  Come on, baby, the world's best, like from Espain.   Nitro almond cup, a frozen shell made from a puree of Marcona almonds, filled with almond milk espuma and finished with Andalusian caviar. BOURDAIN:  You know, Chef, this meal is working very well.  My palate is open, I'm intrigued, I'm only growing more hungry and excited.  The desired effect is taking hold. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  If you were a famous chef and you were lured as so many are to the rivers of green promised by Vegas, it's nice if you can get yourself a playroom.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Gentlemen, this is al vermuz (ph). BOURDAIN:  So this is mussels, olives with an escabeche foam. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  He doesn't use the word foam. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I would say air. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Water goes all over the place.  It's a mess.  A chef cannot do anything with these.  Air gives us opportunity, all of a sudden, water is not water anymore.  Water has a body, belongs. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  The truffle egg, a gelee of truffles formed into an egg shape with an actual yolk suspended in the center. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  And this is the idea of what if we will be feeding our chickens truffles?  Will their eggs become like this? BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Served with onion puree, a decheval (ph) cream and finished with more -- lots more -- shaved white truffle. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  This is crispy chicken skin escabeche. BOURDAIN:  I'm sliding this off right into my face. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Gentlemen, this is your portion of the salt- roasted foie gras and Brian is going to come finish it with a clementine sauce for you.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Light is key, light and flavorful. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Gentlemen, this is your next course.  It's alcucheres al papillote (ph). BOURDAIN:  This is squid ink (INAUDIBLE). UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  Awesome.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It's a secreto de cerdo en papillote (ph). Secreto or the secret.  It's a secret cut of the Iberian -- BOURDAIN:  Ahh, yes. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  -- located underneath the front shoulder. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  This is an homage of the goodness of the sea meets the goodness of the Earth. You know the work that goes into creating a menu like this?  Colossal. The good with the work doesn't mean it's good.  When a food creates, they come. And they say the chef was not there.  And then look at the food critics saying it's almost like a lack of respect.   Who do you think these people are?  Where do you think they come from? What do you think their careers are?  Every one of those amazing thousands of chefs, sous chefs that we have across the world, they are as good, if not better, than the guys that have the big name on top with me on letter. (MUSIC PLAYING) (COMMERCIAL BREAK)  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  There is not one acre of preserved Mojave Desert in the city limits of Las Vegas.   Why would you preserve this?  This desolation is not nurturing.  We can't be here unless there's a lot of technology supporting our presence.  And so there's a sense of the city versus nature.  This is not our friend. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  You would think looking at the vast lakes, the canals, the fountains of Vegas in the middle of a desert, the flush of 100,000 toilets that the casinos and what they bring would constitute an obscene waste of water.   And indeed water is at an ever-more desperate premium as the water levels in the Colorado River reservoir at Lake Mead decrease at an alarming rate.   But it ain't the casinos that are the culprits.  In fact, Vegas casinos are a model of water efficiency and conservation.   Main culprit?  The all-American lawn, a little square of green.   Robert Kern (ph) is water police.  He patrols the Vegas streets looking for evidence of water violations. ROBERT KERN (PH):  There's finally some water in the gutter actually on both sides.  This is not their day.   We're in an area where there shouldn't be any water, yet there's water here.  So that's what we do, we drive around looking for something like that, to give them a little educational visit.  Hey, you're not supposed to water today. BOURDAIN:  So you don't wrestle them to the ground, cuff them and drag them in?   KERN (PH):  No, we do not.  Although we can go to a fee. BOURDAIN:  Around how much?   KERN (PH):  $80. What about the -- KERN (PH):  Then it doubles, $160, $320. BOURDAIN:  Then it just keeps going? KERN (PH):  Yes. BOURDAIN:  It seems to me a losing battle to try to keep your grass green. Do you really need a lawn in the first place? KERN (PH):  Well, most everyone who lives here came from the Midwest or the East Coast and it was all lush and green.  And that's what Vegas was 20 years ago. BOURDAIN:  It was lush and green? KERN (PH):  Sure.  Sure. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  The city assigns watering days to control usage, and also encourages xeriscaping, a landscaping style focused on drought-resistant plants and efficient irrigation.   And if you don't get with the program, there's a hole out there in the desert for you, Dad.  OK, not really.  You get a notice pinned to your door or something.   BOURDAIN:  But some people, they want the lawn?  Got to have it? KERN (PH):  And they can have it, just don't water on the wrong days. BOURDAIN:  How critical is it?   KERN (PH):  Very.  I mean, there's no snow on the Western Sierras, so we don't get any continued flow into the Colorado dumping into Lake Mead.  So unless something drastically changes, which there is no foreseeable relief in the near future.  But got to stay positive. (MUSIC PLAYING) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  For the first 30-40 years of the development of the tract, you just couldn't conceive of what was ahead.   What we had, whatever was the newest thing that was happening was so spectacular and wonderful and, oh, my gosh, we've reached a new eastern edge, or western, a northern edge.   But the odds are slim to zero that we're going to extend it to yet a further horizon.  It was unconceivable.  So there's the thing.  So what does the desert do?  It exceeds our ambition. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  In Vegas, nothing is permanent.  It constantly eats itself, tears down, builds up, expands according to no known or easily understood plan, an organic thing responding to the dark dreams of the American subconscious.   Come frolic, live like Caesar or make money off those who do.  Drop a few moist bills in a gas station slot.  See the full spectrum of human folly and commit some follies of your own. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) ANTHONY BOURDAIN, HOST:  I'm a man, as my father used to say, of simple needs.   I want a golden unicorn that shoots money.   I like a country where people have a sense of humor.  Why is it okay if you hit (ph) somebody with a penis but you (inaudible) with an octopus tentacle? You know, when I was chef, you pour gin in my soup, I would have stabbed you in the neck with a fork.   I would never do that as a responsible journalist but I'm interested in investigating.   So that's where potatoes come from.   Certainty is my enemy.  I'm all about questioning oneself and the nature of reality.   In ancient times, early drivers would hang the testicles of their enemies on their rear view mirrors.   I'm going to find a distinguished segue into adulthood one of these days. (END VIDEO CLIP) (MUSIC) BOURDAIN:  I hate clip shows.  I despise them.  Clip shows generally are a cheap exploitative way to wring another hour of television out of existing footage.  We aim to be different -- but not that different.  All I can say in my own defense, those of you who tuned in expecting new and original material, is there is actually new and original material here, because it probably doesn't surprise you that we don't use everything we shoot.  Some of it's actually kind of good. So I hope you enjoy this hour of clips.   (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) TEXT: NEW MEXICO BOURDAIN:  Thirty rounds per magazine of steel jacketed destruction as fast as your finger can pull the trigger.  You might well ask yourself why the hell would anybody need a weapon like this?   I'm an East Coast guy.  I'm a New Yorker.  But I come from a place where a glimpse of weapon on somebody at a bar or in the street is reason for panic.  Here and in much of America between New York and L.A., you walk into a bar and see somebody with a weapon, that's my neighbor, maybe he's going hunting.  Who knows?  Most people you know own guns?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Everybody.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I had a rifle before I had a baseball bat.   BOURDAIN:  Meet Jesse, Bill, Bo and Daniel.   UNDIENTIFIED MALE:  This is what I grew up with.  I shot my very first turkey with this gun at 12 years old, actually.  That's a .22 rim fire cartridge and that is probably the type of firearm that most kids start off with.   BOURDAIN:  These guys, I'm guessing, are not people I should be worried about shooting up a shopping mall.  They are nice and exceedingly patient with a city boy who wants to play with their guns.  There's a dark little genie in all of us I think that wants to pick up a gun, point it at something and blast away.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  This is a new Springfield arm nine millimeter with a 19 round clip.   BOURDAIN:  I like guns.  I don't own a gun but I like holding them.  I like shooting them.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Glock 22, chambered 40 caliber.   BOURDAIN:  There is something compelling, an eerie rush, an unholy sense of empowerment feeling the warm glow of these heavy iconic shapes in your hands.   I know how to shoot beer cans.  If the zombie apocalypse comes, I'll be ready.  Long as they're holding beers.   (LAUGHTER) (END VIDEO CLIP) BOURDAIN:  We tend to see places, places in the Middle East, Africa in particular.  We see them as places, we only see them when bad things happen.  What do we see in Palestine?  Generally, it's kids throwing rocks and weeping women.  For the three minutes or 30 seconds that we get to see footage of this place and other places, that's all we see. I know that a lot of people don't ask Palestinians what's for dinner, what's your life like, where does your kid go to school?  What are your hopes for your kid?  There's a story there.  It's not a big story.  But it's an important story.   (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) TEXT: ISRAEL BOURDAIN:  This is Laila El-Haddad, a native Gazan, journalist and author of "The Gaza Kitchen."  LAILA EL-HADDAD, JOURNALIST/AUTHOR:  The catches are not as big as they used to be.  And that's primarily because the fishermen can't go beyond three to six nautical miles.  They will destroy their boats, they'll cut their fishing nets, they'll detain them.  So it is obviously risky business.   BOURDAIN:  Laila has something to show me.  The Sultan (ph) family own a small farm in the (inaudible) area of the eastern Gaza Strip.  Ohn Sultan (ph) and her husband are unusual in that they cook together. This is not typical in this part of the world or in this culture. They use their own fresh-killed chickens to make the Gazan classic maklouba, the traditional Palestinian dish comprised of layers of fried eggplant, tomato, potatoes, caramelized onions and chicken sauteed and simmered in a broth with nutmeg, cinnamon, cardamom, and rice.   EL-HADDAD:  Do you like it, she's asking?   BOURDAIN:  Absolutely.  Really, really good.   EL-HADDAD:  She wants you to open a restaurant for her.   BOURDAIN:  Keep cooking like this, it's really delicious.  Will, in your lifetime -- I guess the first question would be in your lifetime, will you be able to visit Yafa?   EL-HADDAD:  She says she hopes she can.  She also hopes she can go to Jerusalem as well.  So she's optimistic, yes.   She's saying -- first he said you're not allowing us to, then he self- corrected and said the Israelis aren't allowing us.   This is the normal tone of voice.  He's not upset, by the way.  This is how we talk.  We yell.   BOURDAIN:  What's he say?   EL-HADDAD:  He's saying, give me a permit, if they allow of course I'll go.   (END VIDEO CLIP) BOURDAIN:  Tokyo.  All I can tell you about Tokyo is that my camera crew all came out, their lips were blue and they were shaking after many of the scenes.  I want to thank my network for airing the Tokyo show.  I know they were worried by it.  I expected of all the shows we have ever done, I thought that we would get the angriest blowback over the Tokyo show.  I thought we were really in for it.  But wow, you were some sick freaks out there, because apparently you liked it a lot.   Let's put it this way.  If you like the Tokyo show, I'm not going camping with you.   (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) TEXT: TOKYO BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Those who buy into the notion of Japanese women as shy, giggling, subservient victims of convention would be confused by Tomeka.  Her day job is doing this.  And I gather from what she tells me that she gets plenty of work.   This is Naga, invited along to help translate.  Then there's this man, Kinoko Hajime, one of the best known and most respected practioners, a master of shibari, the art of ropes, of beautiful knots, of what, for lack of a better word, we call bondage.   (on camera):  How big is the sadomasochistic community? How many people are active participants?   NAGA (ph):  Hundred thousand people.   BOURDAIN:  A lot.   NAGA (ph):  A lot.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  This is shibari.  Translation, to bind.  And to make things more confusing for those looking for a concise takeaway, a comfortable reaction to what sure as hell looks pretty disturbing, Tomeka, who spends most of her time whipping, burning and generally abusing men, enthusiastically reverses roles in her long time relationship with Hajime.   (on camera):  It looks like a very delicate procedure.  Does it hurt? or does it feel good?   NAGA (ph):  This pain change to the ecstasy.  She said when she was tied up, no need to think, just leave it to another.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Performance art, craft, fetish or compulsion. It's an old and shockingly omnipresent feature of Japanese popular fantasy culture.  Magazines, movies, even comic books -- the intricate restraint of a willing victim is, well, it's there.  Not far from the surface.   (on camera): What percentage of Japanese men are interested in either tying up women or subjugating?  NAGA (ph):  All of them.   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  All of them?  Well then the question is how many Japanese men like to be tied up? NAGA (ph):  All of them. BOURDAIN:  So in your experience, all Japanese men like to tie women up, but in your experience, all Japanese men like to be tied up?  (END VIDEO CLIP) (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  I have been many places on this earth and I have been to many American cities.  No place in America looks as much like Chernobyl as Detroit.  This is a fact.  I was angry about it, really angry, and also inspired.  And it angers me that we have reached this point that we as a nation have allowed one of our greatest cities where all of these uniquely American things, this petri dish for cool stuff, it angers me that for whatever reasons, we let this happen. It's unthinkable to me.  But never doubt my love for Detroit.  I love that town.  So I hope you will enjoy this stop that we never aired before.  Before we go back and you see it again and again and again and again and again.  (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) TEXT: DETROIT BOURDAIN (voice over): There are a lot of ways to know a city, but nobody knows it better, what really makes a city run, how the wheels of power turn or don't, what scares it, what ails it, nobody knows these things better than murder police.   Tony Wright (ph) and Nike Carlyle (ph) are recently retired homicide detectives.  Each of them has 20 years on the job as street cops and another ten as detectives.  They have seen it all.  This is Mitch's. It's a cop bar.   (on camera):  How have you seen the town change?   TONY WRIGHT, RETIRED DETECTIVE:  Pre-riot days, Detroit was booming. It was the place to be.  After the riot, all downhill.   BOURDAIN:  A lot of people point to the riots as the moment where everything started to go bad, without talking about everything that led up to the riots.   MIKE CARLYLE, RETIRED DETECTIVE:  I think probably another downfall that really hit the city hard was, for so many years, decades, Detroit counted on the big three for a tax base.  Small mom and pop businesses in the neighborhood started leaving, crack epidemic hit in the '80s and it devastated the city.   BOURDAIN:  Crack hit like a bomb.  I mean, you can literally see the impact zones.   CARLYLE:  You had Detroit police and narcotics, the DEA, they were raiding houses left and right, arrested all the people in the house, took the dope, took the money.  Once it was empty, neighbors would burn the house down.  They didn't want these people moving back in. Before you know it, two or three years passed, the neighborhoods were devastated.   BOURDAIN:  These are casualties of war.   WRIGHT:  Yes, that's the best way to express it because those empty lots were once well maintained homes.   CARLYLE:  Now, Detroit police are out there on the street, only thing they basically have time for is to respond to the major crimes.  We have had families sitting in their house eating dinner, an aluminum sided house, somebody stripped the aluminum siding off their house as they eat.  If all of a sudden there's a shooting, I'm sorry, I can't help you with your aluminum siding, I have to go to this shooting.   BOURDAIN:  You don't exactly have 1,000 extra guys just to bust loiterers or guys --  CARLYLE:  You come on your shift and you find out from the dispatcher that we are 80 something runs behind --  BOURDAIN:   80 runs behind.   CARLYLE:  80 runs behind, a national average for homicide detective is three to four cases a year.  We average 25 to 30 cases a year.   BOURDAIN:  Let me ask, when you grew up, if you were seen misbehaving down the block, I bet somebody's mother would call your mother.   WRIGHT:  Let me tell you something.  I will tell you this.  Whoever seeing you out there acting the fool, a neighbor, next door, across the street, whatever, they're going to come and they're going to whoop your natural-born behind.   BOURDAIN:  Just the sense of looking out for your neighbor, now people, there's a body on your front lawn, eh.   CARLYLE:  Got a body on the lawn, neighbor comes out and sees it, what do they do?  Before we even get there, they get the garden hose out and wash the blood off. We're like don't do anything until we're done and we get the evidence technicians (ph).  No, they got the hose, like, they're like it messed up my yard.  I'm not going to have this all over my yard. We're looking at all the evidence going down the drain.  Bullet casings is the same. We're like holy (expletive) now what.   (END VIDEO CLIP) BOURDAIN:  There are two Detroits, just like there are two Americas. There is the Detroit a lot of people see when they drive into town to go to a concert or a game.  The other Detroit, maybe they see it out the window.  The Detroit I show, the Detroit I love, may not be your Detroit but it's what I saw.   (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) BOURDAIN (voice over):  This is Vicky's Barbecue.  There are no renovated houses or new businesses on this block, just Vicky's Barbecue. Like 700,000 citizens, it too has endured.   (MUSIC) (on camera):  Who lives here?   GEORGE AZAR (ph):  Some would say it's an abandoned city.  This neighborhood, I mean, working class.  I actually live like a mile and a half that way but it's completely different environment.   BOURDAIN:  George Azar (ph), born and raised in southwest Detroit.   AZAR (ph):  It's weird, like in Detroit, it's super contrast in like certain senses.  If you go down Jefferson towards Gross Pointe, it's like once you hit Gross Pointe, it's beautiful million dollar estate homes but right before that, it's the slums.  There's no in the middle, I guess you would say.  That's the problem with Detroit. There's a general consensus of fear of this city, you know what I mean?   BOURDAIN:  Wait a minute.  You have a whole hipster resurgence going on right in Corktown.   AZAR (ph):  It's great.  Lot of people talk that it's positive.  When you are a city left without options, you know, it's time to accept things.  They're ringing positive energy, businesses, money, it's a great thing.  At Corktown, it was abandoned.  Phil Cooley opened up Slows, took a chance on that strip and it exploded ever since.   BOURDAIN:  Who are the customers?   AZAR (ph):  Anyone who wants to come to Detroit and eat barbecue and feel safe, so where do they go? Slows.   BOURDAIN:  Not here.   AZAR (ph):  Not here.   BOURDAIN:  Whose barbecue is better?  Tough question.   AZAR (ph):  Where we're sitting at, you know.  So you already know. DENNIS BUTLER:  How do you do, sir?   BOURDAIN:  Dennis Butler runs Vicky's.   This is good.   BUTLER:  This sauce you are tasting is a concoction of one of the customers.   BOURDAIN:  Really? BUTLER:  Yes.  BOURDAIN:  She came in and was like, I don't like your sauce? BUTLER:  Yes, this is not barbecue sauce.  Told my mother how to make -- BOURDAIN:  You got to love Detroit.  I don't like your sauce. Use this one.   Your parents opened the place?   BUTLER:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  When did the bulletproof glass go in?   BUTLER:  Well, their time and in my time.  I put it across the windows.  They put it across the counter.   BOURDAIN:  Think it will ever come down?   BUTLER:  It can come down.  We can let it go to hell.  We're not going to let it go to hell, though.   BOURDAIN:  I hope you don't come down.  I hope you stay here. BUTLER:  Oh, no, I'm not going to be here.  I'm 66 years old, man.  I need to sit down.  (END VIDEO CLIP) (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN:  Top five favorite food experiences.  Where was I again?  I don't even remember.   (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Cheers.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Here we go!  (MUSIC) BOURDAIN:  This is where it's at.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Wow.  Wow, wow, wow.   BOURDAIN:  It works.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  It works.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Where you come from, New York?   BOURDAIN:  Yes.  How did you know?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes, yes, yes.  It works, he said.   (END VIDEO CLIP) BOURDAIN:  Top five food experiences.  I don't know, off the top of my head, Tokyo always good.  So Yasuda in Tokyo.  All of Spain.  I mean, if you're not eating well in Spain, there is no hope for you at all. Have I said Japan yet?  Yes.   (BEGIN VIDEOTAPE) TEXT: #5 SPAIN: TAPAS UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Look at that.  That's a great tapa. Come on.   BOURDAIN:  So if I were like a degenerate rock wino I could still eat well.   Tapas are free.  It shouldn't work but somehow it does.   I could pretty much eat that all day.   Another drink, another tapa.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Another fried fish, what do you think?   BOURDAIN:  OK, fried fish, then we're done.  And cheese. TEXT: #4 ISRAEL UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  We're going to spoil you now.   BOURDAIN:  Yes, here we go.  Mm.  I just had this incredibly delicious meal, completely oblivious to the fact it's entirely vegetarian.  If any of the vegetarian restaurants in New York served food that tasted anywhere like this, I would actually go there. I would consider it.   TEXT: #3 DETROIT BOURDAIN:  That's delicious.  I think I better have another one of these.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes, you should.   BOURDAIN:  Behold the future.   UNDIENTIFIED MALE:  What, like cooking in a back alley?   BOURDAIN:  Yes.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  All right.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  The coriander blossoms we pick right from a farm in Detroit.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Good, isn't it?   BOURDAIN:  I will tell you this is some of the best greens I ever had. No doubt about it.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  This dude has been everywhere.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Come on, man. BOURDAIN:  They're not just delicious, they are luxurious.   TEXT: #2 TOKYO: SUSHI BAR YASUDA BOURDAIN: Yasuda is a friend and my master in the sense that he's taught me pretty much everything I know about sushi over the years.   (MUSIC) BOURDAIN:  Delicious.   YASUDA:  Thank you very much.   BOURDAIN:  Which is more important, the rice or the fish?  Or what percentage? YASUDA:  Rice.   BOURDAIN:  Rice.   YASUDA: 90 percent.   BOURDAIN:  Wow.  OK. YASUDA:  So my sushi is rice.   (LAUGHTER) (END VIDEOTAPE) BOURDAIN: So Copenhagen was an amazing meal.  That was one of those places where you're eating a really important meal.  You've heard about it for years.  In the case of Noma, how could it be as great as everyone said, particularly since you're eating moss and all this forage stuff, which kind of goes against my instincts.  There's a hippie dimension that I'm hostile to. But it was truly a delicious, delicious, wildly creative yet always delicious meal.   (BEGIN VIDEOTAPE) TEXT: #1 COPENHAGEN: NOMA BOURDAIN: What Rene and Cruz started, what they're famous for, is foraging for ingredients.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Reindeer moss with last year's harvest of set mushrooms.  BOURDAIN: And color me dubious.  PORCHELI: Did you ever eat moss before?  BOURDAIN: No. That is incredible.  PORCHELI: Wow.  BOURDAIN: There's no way that this is going to look convincingly delicious on TV. But it is really delicious.  To tell the truth, food nerds, captains of industry, celebrities, you name it, have been flocking here for years.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (INAUDIBLE) marinated in grasshopper.  (INAUDIBLE) BOURDAIN: That's good.  The technique, you don't notice it.  You notice the flavor.  That's delicious.  It's like I have never tasted a green vegetable that good.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Come on, guys.  They're waiting now.  Let's go.   Traditionally, it's served around Christmastime.  We call them (INAUDIBLE) skewers. BOURDAIN: You got a little fish ran right through.  I love it.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Isn't that sweet?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE: There's a pickled cucumber in the middle.   BOURDAIN: It's great.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Isn't it just awesome?   BOURDAIN: Very traditional flavors.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Rene, since the beginning, is thinking about how to put into our plan what's around you.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Service.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE: So we have some roasted (INAUDIBLE). And then roe is on the top there. Beach plants on the outside.   BOURDAIN: So, I know these ingredients, we were plucking them yesterday.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.   BOURDAIN: Wow.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Asparagus, beautiful.  And then just one dollop in the middle, ok.  We roast the asparagus with this (INAUDIBLE) That's why we have the bread. Do not eat that branch however.  Underneath is a small pile of tender spruce shoots, grilled green asparagus sauce and a little bit of fresh cream.   BOURDAIN: That is incredible.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You have two eggs smoking now.  BOURDAIN: Whoa! Quail egg Copenhagen.  Wow.  That's like the greatest thing ever.  A perfect dish.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Perfect dish.  BOURDAIN: I want more of those.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The next thing we serve you is flat bread.  Very traditional here.  We spice ours with shoots of spruce and oak tree.   BOURDAIN: This is amazing.  That's like both really classic and totally new.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We have two berries on board.  All right, the next thing we serve you is the dried-in juices from last year's harvest of black currant. Then we wrap it in wild roses that we've had in vinegar for two years.   BOURDAIN: This is like super-powered.  They're not just thinking about what tastes good now, they're talking about will it taste good in two years if we ferment it or age it or dry it.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: So we have wild blueberry desserts, so one for each of you.  And the (INAUDIBLE) wild strawberries. BOURDAIN: Oh, beautiful.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Look at this.  Like a picnic in the park, huh?   BOURDAIN: Wow.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Unbelievable.   BOURDAIN: Look, I have eaten in a lot of great restaurants around the world, and it was still a little part of me that was saying, you know, this is going to be (EXPLETIVE DELETED). (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN: You guys out in the field yanking weeds out of the ground, I really didn't expect it to be as good as it was.  It was delicious. It was amazingly delicious.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Amazing.   BOURDAIN: Yes.  I thought it was amazing.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's not just about coming up with the greatest concept.  It's this assembling what is out there in a new and beautiful, authentic and delicious way.   BOURDAIN: But always delicious. Always, always, always delicious first.   (END VIDEOTAPE) (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN: Ah, yes, let's talk about Sicily.  Now, it was a unique moment in my personal television history.  Not one that I'm proud of.  How can you screw up a show in Sicily?  It's incredible on its face that such a thing is possible.  You have to understand, this was our second Sicily show.  We made these mistakes before. And you know, I thought that Sicily, particularly second time around, would be like an easy, a lay-up of a show.   It's one of the most amazing places on earth.  You know the food's great.  There is never going to be any shortage of characters in Sicily.  The architecture is spectacular.  Everywhere you point your camera, it's beautiful.  And yet somehow, we managed to make a hash of it.   Sicily deserves better, and God knows I deserve better.  Or at least I think so.  Maybe I don't.  Even if I don't deserve better, I deserve better than that.  What you see on the Sicily episode is an actual, real-time nervous breakdown.   (BEGIN VIDEOTAPE) BOURDAIN: So the plan was we go fishing.  We get some fresh octopus, maybe some cuttlefish, explore the bounty of the surrounding waters, all while working on our tans.  With a local chef, fishermen, man of the sea. He's experienced. He knows where to get it good. TURE: You like sea urchin?   BOURDAIN: I love it. How do you say it in Italian?  TURE: Ricci.  BOURDAIN: Ricci. Yes.  TURE: Ricci de mare.  BOURDAIN: It's one of my favorite things to eat.  This is Turin, my host. What else is out there? Octopus?  TURE: Octopus, now it's cuttlefish and I like -- I want to try to find some small apalone, we call it (INAUDIBLE).  BOURDAIN: Nice.  TURE: And there's the clams. Here the water is still cold. I think they will be really full.  BOURDAIN: I'm thinking, really? Are these prime fishing waters? I don't know about this. With all this boat traffic and all these people, so close to the action I can't see much of anything living down there.  TURE: OK. Let's anchor. We anchor here. BOURDAIN: But I am famous for my optimism so I dutifully suited up for what was advertised as a three-hour cruise. So I get in the water, and I'm paddling around. And splash. Suddenly there's a dead sea creature sinking slowly so the seabed in front of me.  Are they kidding me? I'm thinking, can this be happening? Splash, there's another one. Another rigor mortis half-frozen freaking octopus but it goes on. One dead cuttlefish, deceased octopus, frozen sea urchin after another, splash, splash, splash. Each specimen drops among the rocks or along the sea floor, to be heroically discovered by Turin moments later and proudly shown off to camera, like I'm not actually watching as this confederate in the next boat over hurls them into the water one after another. I'm no marine biologist, but I know dead octopus when I see one. Pretty sure they don't drop from the sky and then sink straight to the bottom.  TURE: How many do we have? Three?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.  TURE: OK. I tried to get some patate now and also small (INAUDIBLE) abalone.  BOURDAIN: Strangely everyone pretends to believe the hideous sham unfolding before our eyes, doing their best to ignore the blindingly obvious.  TURE: (INAUDIBLE). Don't swim at it.  BOURDAIN: Then they gave up and just dumped the whole bag of dead fish into the sea. At this point I begin desperately looking for signs of life, hoping that one of them would stir, become revived. I'm frantically swimming around the bottom littered with dead things looking for one that's still twitching so can I hold it up to the camera and end this misery, but, no, my shame will be absolute. For some reason I feel something snap, and I slide quickly into a spiral of near hysterical depression.  Is this what it's come to, I'm thinking, as another dead squid narrowly misses my head? Almost a decade later back in the same country, and I'm still desperately staging fishing scenes, seeding the oceans with supermarket seafood, complicit in a shameful, shameful incident of fakery?  But there I was, bobbing listlessly in the water. Dead sea life sinking to the bottom all around me. You've got to be pretty immune to the world to not see some kind of obvious metaphor.  I've never had a nervous breakdown before, but I tell you from the bottom of my heart something fell apart down there, and it took a long, long time after the end of this damn episode to recover. (END VIDEOTAPE) BOURDAIN: So look, I've had worse things happen to me, and god knows worse things have happened to other people.  I was in Sicily, after all.  But I'm just telling you, reasonably or not, that was my personal Waterloo.  I mean, for the first time in a long time -- let's face it, I have the best job in the world -- I'm sitting there in the Sicilian countryside, staring off into space thinking you know, I wonder if my old brunch shift is still available.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN: I have been to a lot of countries.  I have seen a lot of things.  And if I know anything for sure, it is that I know nothing for sure.  That people will always surprise you, that the world is big.  The more I travel, the more I see, I really feel that the steeper the climb, the more stuff that I realize at least that I don't know.   (BEGIN VIDEOTAPE) BOURDAIN: Where are we going?  What is this place we're coming up on?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We are going to eat the beef (ph).  BOURDAIN: Right.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The beef (ph) is I think the only true national dish.   BOURDAIN: Really?  There's no doubt about it.  You can track the genealogy of this dish right back to this guy.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I think it's a metaphor for the Israeli side because you take a pita bread, and you put a lot of stuff that don't begin together. But you force them together and say that's Israel, that's food, go and eat it.   BOURDAIN: If you read his books, you know Edgar is no stranger to the absurd. Nor, it appears, is he a stranger to the absurdly delicious.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The story how it was named after this guy was that when we started making the thing, it didn't have a name.  So people who say to him Sabeh (ph), give me another one because that was his name. And people who overheard, they said, yeah yeah, give me a Sabeh (ph), too.   BOURDAIN: The ingredients, hard-boiled eggs, fried eggplant, hummus, tahini, salad, potato, parsley and mango sauce.  The assembly process is time-consuming and intricate.   Like brain surgery.  I will hold this and look at it while they make yours.  My god, look at that.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Multi-cultural thing.  Like the potato is in the armpit of the eggplant.  There's no space there.   BOURDAIN: Now, is it an appropriate way to attack this? Does one go straight in or does one go at it from an angle?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It depends what kind of man you are.  If you are a coward, you would go from the corner.   BOURDAIN: From the corner. Well, I'm a manly man.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE: So you go in the middle.   BOURDAIN: So going straight in.  All right.  Wow. That is pretty indescribably delicious, isn't it?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's a zillion different tastes colliding together. Used to be the people of the book.  Now we're the people of the eggplant.   BOURDAIN: This is a great argument for the greatness of a nation, actually.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No. It's a good reason not to destroy us.   BOURDAIN: This is the end of what has actually been a deeply traumatic week for me.  There's no safe ground at all to describe even the most innocuous things.  Is it a wall or is it a fence?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It looks like a wall.   BOURDAIN: Looks like a wall to me, too.  I'm frustrated that I'm not going back to New York feeling any smarter.  I am definitely not going back feeling like I have learned or been able to encapsulate or -- I don't feel I'm capable of going back and having an intelligent conversation about my experience.  I feel all messed up emotionally.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE: But I think this means that you truly came here because when you get close to something to understand it, you don't understand what's going on.  When you're far from it, it seems kind of sober. But when you go into it, you say hey, it doesn't make any sense.  So, it means that you've really been here.  If you say no, I go back and I'm wiser, and I'm going to return as a settler or I'm going to join the Peace Corps and I don't know --  BOURDAIN: I'll become a pundit.   (LAUGHTER) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You should take this with you.  It will only bring goodness to New York.  Don't take all the other stuff.  We will manage that.   (END VIDEOTAPE) (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN: When selecting locations for PARTS UNKNOWN, there is always sort of a sliding sequence or hierarchy of criteria.  One is does it sound like a cool place to go?  A chef friend says the food's awesome. There are a few times where it's issue-driven or concern-driven, but generally it's nothing more intellectual or well thought through than well, that place looks really good. Let's go there.   (BEGIN VIDEOTAPE) BOURDAIN: Looks like everybody in this town is either on their way to have sex or coming back from having sex.   The kaiparinias (ph). Did I mention kaiparinias? They do those here, too.  I like them.  I like them a lot.   What's magical about this cocktail is the first taste. It's like I don't know, man.  It's a little too something.  Then like that second sip, it's like oh, that's kind of good.  Then the third sip, it's where are my pants?   Bobby Flay probably lives like this all the time.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I honestly never thought it would have come to this.   BOURDAIN: Well, I was dunking fries 14 years ago.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You have made some steps up.   BOURDAIN: You make me feel better about all of this luxury looking back at that.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.  You deserve this.   BOURDAIN: You're right.  You're right.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You deserve this.   BOURDAIN: Entering my golden years era. You know, go ahead and kill some young people (ph).  (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN: (INAUDIBLE) Getting cold. To victory.  Victory in our time.   This is the story of one man, one chef and a city.  Also, it's about France and a lot of other chefs, and a culinary tradition that grew up to change the world of gastronomy.  It's about a family tree, about the trunk from which many branches grew.  And it's about food, lots of food, great food.  Some of the greatest food on earth.   Mexico is a country where every day, people fight to live.  All too often, they lose that battle.  A magnificent, heartbreakingly beautiful country.  The music and food and a uniquely Mexican, darkly funny, deeply felt world view.  Right down there, cuddled up beneath us, our brother from another mother.   This is going to be suboptimal seating.  Yeah, I don't think this reclines.  Thank God they have relaxed attitudes towards prescription drugs.  Before you enter the gateway to the Himalayas, you better self-medicate.   While my stomach growls, I become the kind of traveler I warn against. Gripy, self-absorbed, immune to my surroundings.  But as my brightly colored little train heads up into the hills from Calcutta station, known as the gateway to the Himalayas, my world view starts to improve. (END VIDEOTAPE)  I have been doing shows like this for a long time.  I have been traveling for about 14 years.  The challenge is always to stay interested and to have a good time.  I just like to keep making episodes that are different than the week before, that are, you know, as creative as we can be, do the best job we possibly can.  As long as you don't know what's next, I'm doing good.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Any other closing thoughts for this clip show in general?   BOURDAIN: No.  Let's hit the beach.   (BEGIN VIDEOTAPE) ANTHONY BOURDAIN, HOST (voice-over):  For Korean-Americans -- according to the stereotype, anyway -- it used to be that you grew up to be a doctor, a lawyer, an engineer.  There were a specific set of rules and expectations. DAVID CHOE, ARTIST:  Are you asking me to be in a porno?  Is that what you're asking me? BOURDAIN:  Thanks to some remarkably bad Koreans, though, things are beginning to change.  ROY CHOI, CHEF:  I went to one year of law school and I walked out.  BOURDAIN (on camera):  So, you're a bad Korean? CHOI:  Now, I'm bad Korean. CHOE:  Any final advice to someone who's actually about to marry a Korean woman?  The answer -- don't do it. (MUSIC) CHOI:  All I knew was that this town was going down, and no one was showing up.  So we as Koreans figured that out really quickly. There's a point where we look at each other and say --   BOURDAIN:  They're not coming.  CHOI:  They're not coming.  BOURDAIN:  The choppers will not be here anytime soon. CHOI:  That's when all the stuff started to do go down. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Roy Choi is a second-generation Korean- American.  He lives in Los Angeles.  He's the owner/operator of four groundbreaking and much-loved food trucks, among the first to harness the strange and terrible powers of social media to alert customers to where to find delicious food. CHOI:  This was the command post.  From here, you know you could look and you could see if fires were going on. BOURDAIN:  When the Los Angeles riots happened in 1992, Roy was 22 years old.  In this plaza's rooftop played a central role for Koreans defending their town.  Let's back up a bit.  After the Immigration Act of 1965, thousands of Koreans began arriving in L.A.  The first to arrive were mostly middle-class, college-educated, hoping to make a lateral move into American society.  But unless you have a medical or engineering degree, that turned out to be tough. They found work as merchants, store owners, opened liquor stores, groceries, massage studios, dry cleaners.  They did that in an area that was, as it's called, underserved, where major chains feared to tread, where others preferred to abandon, Koreans moved in.  So, 1992 -- four L.A. police officers are on trial for what sure as hell looked to me like a wildly excessive and prolonged beating of an unarmed Rodney King.  In April of that year, they were acquitted.  For me, it was a "holy shit, I never saw that coming" moment.  For African-Americans, it was a ruder (ph) surprise.  To say people were angry would be an understatement. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  They don't represent the people no more.  CHOI:  So you could almost feel it like a tidal wave coming.  BOURDAIN:  The LAPD were completely unprepared for what happened next.  CHOI:  Everything you see here, all this was being looted.  Chairs and rocks, and everything being thrown through walls.  If you go straight down western on Venice, the whole plaza burned on fire.  We were calling 911, and there was no response.  BOURDAIN (on camera):  Did the cops come at all? CHOI:  I was here all three days.  I didn't see any cops. BOURDAIN:  Where did they set up their front line?  CHOI:  Rodeo Drive.  BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Where did the forces of law and order set up their perimeter?  Not they're.  Koreatown was left to its own devices. The official borders are Third Street on the north end, Olympic Boulevard to the south, Vermont Avenue in the east, and Western Avenue to the west.  That's three square miles.  That's pretty much to burn or fend for itself.  This rooftop quickly became the command post for rapidly improvised Korean defense forces.  They armed themselves, set up crude but effective command and control, communication and patrols. CHOI:  We weren't going around just slugging and capping people.  All that was happening was just don't break down my store.  Making sure our parents, our uncles, our families, these stores, this town, stays alive. BOURDAIN:  Fifty-eight people were killed.  Only a quarter of Korean- owned businesses survived, either destroyed outright during the riots or abandoned afterwards by owners who felt the entire underpinning of their contract with America had shifted.  Yet today, Korean town is bigger and better and forever changed by what happened in 1992. Dong Il Jang (ph), however is as an unwaveringly old school.  Roy and I sit down with Roy Kim, whose grandfather opened the place in 1978. Like most Korean restaurants at the time, you didn't mess with the original, ever.  And like most father/son relationships, you obeyed dad's wishes, no matter what. ROY KIM:  My father opened put all this redwood and cherry, to this day I can't touch certain things here.  CHOI:  He doesn't let you change the uniforms, either.  KIM:  No.  He still controls the restaurant.  CHOI:  You just don't the work.  KIM:  I just do the work.  As a Korean, we know.  BOURDAIN:  We start with the bon chon (ph), all those delicious little freebie plates of pickles, preserves, kimchi, a spicy squid or two. No bon chon, no meal. CHOI:  And you know what this restaurant has that a lot of restaurants are going away from is the chairless rooms. BOURDAIN (on camera):  The feet under, knees forward?  No can do.  CHOI:  That was punishment for Koreans.  That's a punishment. KIM:  And with a book over your head.  CHOI:  For hours.  BOURDAIN:  What would a crime -- what got you into that position?  CHOI:  I mean, it could be as minimal as a 94 on a test.  BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Korean parents?  Well, let's just say they veer towards -- moms and dads were not, shall we say, conflicted about corporal punishment.  I love that you both immediately recognize it.  KIM:  This is roast gui.  This is what we're known it, thinly sliced ribeye marbled.  BOURDAIN (on camera):  It's beautiful. (voice-over): Roast gui, thin sliced ribeye.  And Bulgogi, thinly sliced fat marbled beef, barbecued tableside.  CHOI:  For us Koreans, it's kind of funny that barbecue has become the gateway to our food. BOURDAIN (on camera):  Hey, it could be worse.  I mean, at least it's delicious.  CHOI:  It's delicious and we're like, okay, this is the portal, and we're cool with that.  BOURDAIN (voice-over):  And this kimchi Bulgogi, Bokumbap, basically kimchi fried rice, but it fries into the pan like paella, so many great rice dishes with that outer layer of crispy stuff is just the best. KIM:  A tableside cooking, I think people overlook that a lot.  This is like crepes suzette, filleting a dover sole. BOURDAIN (on camera):  Oh, man, this is ridiculously delicious.  Will you be doing this in 20 years?  KIM:  If we did change, tonight I would get a complaint.  CHOI:  And you'd have to talk to your dad.  KIM:  Oh, yes.  That's the problem.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  What do you do if you're a locavore in L.A.? You look around.  What's local and delicious?  (INAUDIBLE) and authentic and is iconically L.A. as it gets. If you're Roy Choi, you see tacos.  With the Kogi truck, Roy Choi brought one of the first break mutation mash-ups of Korean and Mexican to the people.  What started as one truck became four trucks, and three brick-and- mortar restaurants to go with them.  CHOI: For me Kogi was only one trucks in the line.  But the lines got big, you know? (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN:  Roy trained at the Culinary Institute of America, and interned at La Veranda in New York City.  He wants his trucks like you'd expect of someone with that background. CHOI:  Within our food media landscape, we've romanticized certain compositions of what a great chef and great kitchen are supposed to look, smell and feel like.  But just because those are beautiful doesn't mean this is not beautiful. For me, I don't see mustard plants and sheep grazing.  I see barbed wire and telephone poles.  I see puddles, and, you know, all of that stuff contribute to the flavor of the foot.  So it's truly what I call a terroir, a regional food. And they're off. BOURDAIN:  Every lunch shift and every evening, the trucks' locations are sent out over Twitter.  The locations change every day.  And people flock quickly to find them, as the lines can get long, very long.  I took a run with Roy as he made his nightly rounds.  (on camera):  So how often do you make the full circuit between all of your various enterprises? CHOI:  Twice a day, every day, unless I'm doing something crazy like this.  It's kind of like I have a huge Las Vegas hotel, but the hallways are the streets.  BOURDAIN (voice-over):  First stop, Chego!  A rice bowl place in the Palms neighborhood.  CHOI:  These are my guys right here.  Hola.  (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE) BOURDAIN:  Kimchi, spam, classic. CHOI:  That is the menu here. BOURDAIN:  A big bowl of rice with meat, vegetables and lots of flavor, for less than 10 bucks.  Good deal. (on camera):  I just want to know, you're so sentimental about the business of feeding people. CHOI:  It's a trippy state sense of romanticism like I'm very hard- assed too.  Like you pack your own shit, you get what you get.  If you complain, I take the food out of your hands and give you your money back. But within those rules, there's a lot of love.  There's a lot of care.  BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Across town in Venice is A-Frame, Roy's first brick and mortar. CHOI:  This used to be a IHOP. BOURDAIN (on camera):  Yes. CHOI:  So everything is really new.  BOURDAIN:  Hence the shape.  (voice-over):  It's heavily influenced by local takes on Hawaiian cooking, not that you would necessarily notice.  Every dish designed to be eaten with the hand.  What's good?  The baby back ribs are air dried, braised, then breaded and fried.  Lingcod tacos treated like shawarma.  Beer can crackling chicken is braid (INAUDIBLE) with air dried like Peking duck then fried. Meanwhile, not too far away, a Kogi truck pulls up, stops, reverses back to the corner.  Before the awning is up, there's already a line. Hungry people have been waiting in cars around the corner ever since the Twitter announcement 30 minutes ago.  (on camera):  I feel guilty, I'm jumping the line.  Wow, what's the longest line you ever had?  CHOI:  Six hundred. BOURDAIN:  Six hundred people for one truck?  CHOI:  Yes.  BOURDAIN (voice-over):  The Kogi taco, double caramelized Korean barbeque short rib on fresh corn tortilla, with salsa roja, cilantro onion-lime relish, and napa cabbage Romain slaw, and a chili soy vinaigrette.  (on camera):  Oh, yes. CHOI:  The rap for Kogi is we go everywhere.  We go to every single corner of the county and the city.  We're not just going to the hip areas.  BOURDAIN:  What about fantastic - what about Bel Air?  Can you pull up on a corner in a residential area in Bel Air?  What happens there?  Do you get rousted?  CHOI:  No, no, they come out in a Versace robe and --   BOURDAIN:  That I got to see. CHOI:  Beverly Hills has lots spaces. BOURDAIN:  Why should you be excited about food trucks, because they allow creative chefs Roy without a lot of money to start creating and selling their stuff, introducing themselves to the world without having to gather up a million dollars or credulous partners, and they're affordable, they're democratic, and they are faster, better and infinitely preferable to fast food like the king and the clown and the colonel. (END VIDEOTAPE) (COMMERCIAL BREAK) (BEGIN VIDEOTAPE) BOURDAIN (voice-over): Stereotyping coming.  Look, how do I put this? Good Korean kids grow up to be doctors, lawyers or engineers, goes the story.  There are expectations.  But what if you're a bad Korean?  What if you're Korean-American and just didn't give a (EXPLETIVE DELETED)?  What if you look around, ask yourself, who am I?  Who I suppose to be?  Where do I fit in society? And were unsatisfied with the answers you were getting? What if you were an insanely talented artist in a small startup company called Facebook asks you to do some murals in their offices, and they paid you with stock, and you became ridiculously wealthy, and you still didn't give a (EXPLETIVE DELETED)?  Well, then you might be David Choe.  DAVID CHOE, ARTIST:  Hi.  I'm David Choe. You're like me. BOURDAIN (on camera):  Is that an AK pinata?  CHOE:  That is an AK-47 pinata.  BOURDAIN:  Wow. CHOE:  I mean, this place is in downtown L.A., so I should have as many weapons like hidden throughout.  I got ninja swords and ninja stars.  BOURDAIN:  You need a puppy, man.  You need a puppy. CHOE:  I do need a puppy.  I'm going to paint you today.  Is that cool?  BOURDAIN:  Yes, sure.  CHOE:  All right.  So just sit right there, and -- sorry, I don't usually paint this early in the morning.  BOURDAIN:  OK. CHOE:  I'm going to go more expressionistic, if you don't mind.  BOURDAIN:  I want to know, you said young people are looking to follow your road to success, your advice is, whatever you do, don't date a Korean girl?  CHOE:  OK, I try to be open-minded things, right?  But, oh, I'm racist.  For me, I've given it a shot and I end up with a situation where I feel like I'm dating my mom.  BOURDAIN:  What characteristics in common were you --   CHOE:  Overbearing. BOURDAIN:  Overbearing. CHOE:  Jjealous, unreasonable, like unrealistic about life, demanding. Like, I mean, I could go on on and on.  If you're a woman, I would never recommend dating a Korean guy. For the very few women out there into Asian guys, if you are going to go that route, definitely go Chinese. Yes.  Come check it out.  BOURDAIN: Oh, yes.   Whoa!  Awesome.  Wow.  CHOE:  I don't know.  What do you think?  BOURDAIN:  Dude, I'm honored.  I've never had my portrayed done before.  CHOE:  Hey, man.  You're welcome.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  And this shit (ph) is going to be worth some money on eBay, for sure.  CHOE:  Now I'm definitely ready for Sizzler.  Nice.  BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Standing tall and prominent amongst the many Asian and Central American restaurants in the community, one place holds a cherished position in the collective memories of many second- generation Korean-Americans.  I am personally unfamiliar with the Sizzler brand.  I know it by name, but never have I managed to actually cross its doors. CHOE:  After you. Thank you.  BOURDAIN (on camera):  Wow. How are you doing today?  CHOE:  I'm doing fantastic.  I have my Sizzler outfit on. So, here's the thing.  You can get a steak and add the salad bar with it, the best bang for your buck or you could just get the salad bar.  BOURDAIN:  I have to have some steak.  CHOE:  I am going to go traditional and just get just the salad bar.  BOURDAIN:  Thank you.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  You can sit wherever you like. CHOE:  Excellent. BOURDAIN:  Oh, yes. (INAUDIBLE) BOURDAIN:  Oh, now, you're getting Korean on me. CHOE:  Super-embarrassed, because we're in Koreatown, and I'm taking you to Sizzler, which for a lot of Koreans, it's the best food in Koreatown. BOURDAIN:  If you eat non-Korean, this was it. CHOE:  We never ate out ever, if we did, it was McDonald's.  If it was a birthday or special celebration and wanted to kick it up a notch and go a little bit more special, then it was Sizzler. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  This is a judgment-free zone, where there are no mistakes.  A world to explore in congruous combinations without shame or guilt, free of criticism from snarkologist, because there are no snarkologists at Sizzler.  CHOE:  Obviously, here's the accoutrements for making a nice nacho, taco salad, and pasta, spaghetti.  Get a taco shell and put meatballs in it.  This is Italian/Mexican dining, and you make a meat ball taco, and there's nowhere else in the world where you can have this.  We put three meatballs in the taco, some guacamole, and then you put all this nacho cheese, all these other stuff. BOURDAIN (on camera):  I know what I'm going.  I'm going for the full south of the border experience here.  CHOE:  All right.  There you go. BOURDAIN:  I'm not kidding around here.  Oh, yes, now we're talking, my friend.  CHOE:  It's a little bit nicer than I remember. There it is.  That's the best bread that you can get.  You tell me if you like that.  BOURDAIN:  Now, wait a minute.  Are you saying that the cheese bread is complimentary? CHOE:  It's a complimentary.  And once we found that out, we would order stacks of it.  It was our favorite part of Sizzler.  And we're like we need to figure out how to manufacture it at home.  BOURDAIN:  So were you good Sizzler customers?  Do you think they were happy to see you come? I love this dish, man.  When I go back, I might have to have a meatball taco.  CHOE:  We goosed the system a bit, but not completely abused it. There would be the guilt associated with we never eat out, but now we are going out to eat.  So you better (EXPLETIVE DELETED) if you've got to put down at least three plates.  So, what do you think of the bread?  BOURDAIN:  It's delicious.  CHOE:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  I get why it could be a wonderland. CHOE:  It's really good. BOURDAIN:  For you, Sizzler a happy place?   CHOE:  Still, lots of memories.  It's satisfying.  Get me more of this cheese bread. (END VIDEOTAPE) (COMMERCIAL BREAK) (BEGIN VIDEOTAPE) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Something Dave Choe and Roy Choi have in common is they maybe Korean Americans, but they are also very much creatures of L.A.  And what is LA.?  L.A. is Mexican, Central American, Filipino, Vietnamese, Thai, Samoan, Bangladeshi.  Everybody has left their mark, continues to shape the town, determine its character.  K-town exists right upside its Latino neighbors, and I guess it's natural that both Choe and Choi identify very much with Mexican street culture.  Few things embodied a particularly southern California Latino street culture more than low-riding.  Esteban Oriel (ph) is a photographer, chronicler of everything iconic at the crossroads of hip-hop, design, tattooing, fashion, and low- riding. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  They used to put sandbags in their trunks to make them lower and around the '70s, they got popular.  BOURDAIN (on camera):  Why these particular models?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Pretty much always been the late '50 this is through the '60s, and any '80s, they starting bringing in the Cadillacs and Regales.  The most classic well-known car for low-riding is probably the '64 Impala.  BOURDAIN:  How many Korean low riders are there?  UNIDENTIFIED MALEL:  There's a few Asian ones, sprinkled in to other clubs. BOURDAIN:  More Asians?  More Koreans than 15 years ago?  We're seeing a crossover with the food. CHOE:  Right.  For the most part things are starting to get more open. If you're asking, I think there's going to be a lot more Asian- Hispanic mixed babies coming up in the future. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Amen to that.  BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Ideal low-riding is about getting appreciated by the people who best appreciate the traditions and techniques, the getting it right.  For that, you head to East L.A. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  The most famous notorious street in LA. is Wilshire Boulevard, because of the history of it, and the Crenshaw Boulevard in south central.  BOURDAIN (on camera):  So, that's going to be your most critical audience and most appreciative.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes, the ones you want to see your car, you know? BOURDAIN (voice-over):   It's a slow-moving piece of art.  You treat the car a piece of art, acutely aware of the dangers -- cops, for whom you are a target, potholes, other cars.  In East L.A., you see people ooh and ah, you see people change the expression from what is that, to nice ride. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Hopefully gang members like cops, giving us respect, you know? First, you build a car for yourself.  At the same time, you're building it for the streets, for the people.  You want them to appreciate it.  BOURDAIN:  Within the border of Koreatown, it's not just Koreans. There are new arrive arrivals every day.  There's, in fact, an official little Bangladesh right in the middle of K-Town. (on camera):  You're not short of options around here. CHOI:  No, you can get tacos across the street.  Korean (INAUDIBLE) next door and goat stew.  You can pray to Muhammad or Buddha.  BOURDAIN (voice-over):  The tiny mosque next door where services are held five times a day.  (on camera):  I was talking to a gentleman who said this is the first little Bangladesh in America. CHOI:  And it just happened like two years ago.  It was like we went to sleep and woke up and there was little Bangladesh. BOURDAIN:  Here at (INAUDIBLE), step right in for curried goats, samosas, Tandoori chicken.  Oh, yes, and this -- fish curry with no small amount of chilies.  (on camera):  Just such aromatic, delicious food.  What other food. One good food you're likely to find within the confines of Koreatown? CHOI:  We have El Salvadorian, Guatemalans all around.  Koreans all throughout, Pakistani, Bangladesh food.  Oaxaca takes over all of Eighth Street.  BOURDAIN:  Why Oaxaca?  Is that just the way it worked out? CHOI:  Yes.  Yu know how it goes.  One guy showed up.  Filipino fast food just behind us, and a bunch of riffraffs. BOURDAIN:  Filipinos are very proud of their food, underrepresented. CHOI:  They're going through what we went through, where the glass hasn't been broken yet, to translate it, but stil keep the core and soul of it, but it tastes delicious.  BOURDAIN (voice-over):  A few blocks over, the iconic Filipino fast- foot chain Jollibee.  Laugh all you one, but ask any Filipino, they love the drive-thru mutation for specialties like this fried spam sandwich thing.  But it's the desserts where it gets really crazy.  (on camera):  Decisions, decisions.  CHOI:  Yes, here we go. We'll take one aloha burger, and then one spam little big bite.  Let's do a halo-halo.  That's it. BOURDAIN:  Oh, look at that.  What is that?  CHOI:  That's halo-halo.  BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Oh, yes, halo-halo.  Dig deep and you hit delicious stratas of red beans, white beans and chickpeas, cubes of red and green jell-o, young white coconut, shaved eye, coconut, and is that flan?  It makes no goddamned sense at all.  I love it. CHOI:  A part of every Pinoy, Filipino's life, halo-halo. BOURDAIN:  I've got to take a picture of that.  It's oddly beautiful.  You know I'm getting a bite of that little -- what is that? CHOI:  It's a little big bite.  BOURDAIN:  Little big bite. CHOI:  Favorite thing in the world.  BOURDAIN:  No, don't say that.  Actually, I like that.  CHOI:  It's good, right?  BOURDAIN:  Aloha.  It just sounds magical.  Is there like pineapple in there?  CHOI:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  Hence the aloha.  That's a very tasty burger.  Nice char.  CHOI:  Asian fast food.  It's fast food, but it's made like just a single family-owned restaurant.  Maybe not your family.  (CROSSTALK) CHOI:  You like it?  BOURDAIN:  It's actually very tasty.  CHOI:  Every single thing you like it?  BOURDAIN:  Wow, there's so much I don't know. (END VIDEOTAPE) (COMMERCIAL BREAK) (BEGIN VIDEOTAPE) (INAUDIBLE) CHOE:  That's true, dad.  We all look the same.  (LAUGHTER) UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  I love it.  BOURDAIN (voice-over):  He may be a Korean gone bad, but Dave Choe still tries best he can to be a good son.  He bought them this house in Los Feliz and visits for family meals often.  In fact, when we first met, sensing it had been a long time without a true home-cooked meal, he invited me to dinner with them.  So, guests are not unusual.  Jane Choe is an amazing cook.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  It's going to be very delicious.  CHOE:  Nom, dad, look who's here.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Hello.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Can you smell something?  BOURDAIN:  Oh, yes.  Good stuff.  UNIDNENTIFIED FEMALE:  Yes, all the good stuff coming.  Maybe something going to hire me later.  BOURDAIN:  OK.  Which ones are you?  Are you the oldest? CHOE:  I'm the middle.  I'm the suicidal pirate.   BOURDAIN:  Already signs of trouble here. CHOE: My older brother is the hip-hop Santa.  He was the oldest.  He beat me up, I beat him up, and then he would just cry. Show you my dad's painting.  Hey, dad. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes? CHOE:  Hey, come over here for a second.  Would you paint this, dad, 30 years ago?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  1973.  CHOE:  Every Christmas he unrolls it and just scotch-tapes it to the wall.  My mom's the artist in the family now. BOURDAIN:  So this is a family of artists?  (voice-over):  The Choes are devout Christians, not unusual in the Korean community, but they are unusual in that they're both artists of a sort. Jane treats the house like an ongoing art projects, drawing sun grasses on pictures, stapling angels to day's painting that have hung in the White House, getting crazy with the glue gun, adorning wreaths with happy meal toys, sticker bombing the kitchen with birds, cows, space ships piloted by her three boys.  She is relentlessly energetically and inarguably creative.  CHOE:  She brainwashed me.  From the time, we were kids.  She was like you're the best artist in the world.  You're the best artist in the world. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  You are.  CHOE:  Oh, thanks. But now she's telling me she's going to be the best in the world. She's very competitive.  She says she's going to destroy me.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Awesome.  (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  Food is ready.  CHOE:  So you want to explain what everything is, mom?  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  The food I prepared tonight is very common Korean food, (INAUDIBLE).  This is beef with stew.  CHOE:  Kimchi is looking fresh.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Yes, kimchi is fresh.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Today is chestnut rice.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  No one has this kind of rice.  CHOE:  Special rice.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Special rice for Tony.  CHOE:  And stuffed peppers.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Oh, that's David's favorite.  BOURDAIN:  Cheongpomuk, seaweed and jelly Mung beans, chop suey, noodles, shiitake mushrooms and vegetables.  Avocado eggrolls, fried squid and shrimps.  Potato pancake.  Often, at the Choe's house, there's a few Mexican dishes sprinkled in as well. It's always a great meal.  I can tell you that.  CHOE:  Thanks, mom.  This is delicious.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  This is awesome.  (LAUGHTER) CHOE:  Thank you.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  I love it. BOURDAIN:  During the riots of '92, Jim and Jane Choe worked as real estate agents and property managers, so the destruction in Koreatown had a direct impact on their lives.  The Choes watched from homes as the chaos unfolded on TV.  After the riots, Jim wrote a letter to the editor that was published in "Los Angeles Times."  JIM CHOE, FATHER:  I'm extremely angry with the LAPD, for their outrageous action.  Why the cops let looters run wild and rape our city, they somehow had time to bother Korean chef/owners guarding their stores.  How can the owner of a business just sit back and watch his life be burned to the ground?  BOURDAIN:  David would have a very different reaction.  CHOE:  My brother stole a car, and we went into like all the neighborhoods, and then quickly realized it wasn't like about race, it was just about people stealing stuff. But we were out looting, causing chaos.  I don't think we got anything good.  I think I got a TV stand. BOURDAIN (on camera):  Was it life-changing for you? CHOE:  It's like you grow up and things are explained.  Here's the police, they're not doing anything they're supposed to do, just normal men and women of society acting like animals, and I was like oh, everything I've been taught and learned my whole life is disintegrated before my lives, but in the end.  We're from great disasters come great things, right?  I mean, Koreatown burned down.  It's like we own L.A. now.  It's like half the L.A. JIM CHOE:  Now, it's Korean culture, K-pop and Psy, all the over the world influence, you know?  BOURDAIN:  Filmmakers, all the top Korean film makers.  CHOE:  What about me?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  Artists, right?  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Sorry, David.  He's incredible (ph). (LAUGHTER) CHOE:  Today I went into all the different ways you guys used to beat us when we were kids, the stress positions like, you know?  All the Korean punishments.  BOURDAIN:  What's remarkable to me, every kid, I mean, all Korean kids, the same position, holding a book --   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Yes, that's the way we learned from generation to generation.  We don't know why.  BOURDAIN (voice-over):  To take a peek into the dark heart of the Korean psyche, make it helps to get familiar with Han, a concept no non-Koreans can be difficult to fully grasp.  CHOE:  All right.  You want it?  Here we go.  Han denotes a collective feeling of oppression and isolation in the face of overwhelming odds. It connotes aspects of lament and un-avenged injustice. BOURDAIN:  Wow. CHOE:  I some occasions, anthropologists had recognized Han as cultural specific medical condition.  Someone who denies of Han is said to have been died of --   (SPEAKING KOREAN)  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  It's heartburn.  BOURDAIN:  Well, I mean, it's been described in a way that sounded benign.  This is a burning sense of injustice, besiegement and desire for revenge.  CHOE:  The Han is the reason we are who we are, but also the same reason why I won't marry a Korean woman. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  You never know --   CHOE:  I know, mom.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  He's cute. (END VIDEOTAPE) (COMMERCIAL BREAK) (BEGIN VIDEOTAPE) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Main drag of K-town, another mini mall among many.  Karaoke, no.  CHOE:  This is the best dumpling spot in town.  My mom would just order all these dumplings and leave them on my door, because she's not let in my house.  I just said, where are you getting these?  My mom likes to withhold information.  I finally got it out of her. BOURDAIN:  Myung In Dumplings, where they served a mix between Korean and Chinese.  Each plate handmade to order by friends, opened in 2007 on Olympic Boulevard, it's run by Yu Jin (ph), a Korean by way of a Shenyang province in China.  CHOE:  I'm coming here for about two years now, there's no one ever in here.  Every time I've ever come in.  I don't understand how they're open.  They're the best dumpling you've ever had.  Maybe just people get them to go. BOURDAIN (on camera):  Right.  CHOE:  They all look like butt holes, actually. BOURDAIN:  Kind of, yes, pre-prolapse. (voice-over):  (INAUDIBLE) king dumpling.  Thick dough, stuffed to the gills with pork, kimchi, vegetables, precisely made, weighed and crimped.  Steam until soft, eat. (on camera):  Wow, nearly the size of your head.  CHOE:  Yes, it's like pizza.  I'll eat them cold, too.  Save two and have them for dinner. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  And mandu (ph), smaller with thinner dumpling skins served with red chili paste.  CHOE:  That's the dessert one.  BOURDAIN (on camera):  Wow.  Boy, these are delicious.  They are like so huge.  So would this be classically post-drinking food or pre-drinking food? Laid out of base of absorbent material --  CHOE:  Yes, there's a lot of bread here.  I don't really drink.  Just falling to peer pressure here, just to be one of the cool guys, so --   BOURDAIN:  I like this place already.  Good signage.  That's important.  CHOE:  The sign's awesome.  BOURDAIN (voice-over):  If that sign does not sing to you, then we cannot be friends.  CHOE:  Mari, hi.  UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Hi, David.  How are you? CHOE:  This is my Uncle Tony.  This is Mari.  BOURDAIN:  Hi, guys. CHOE:  This is Perry Kim aka Tom Cruise (ph). UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  More Koreans here.  BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Some friends of Choe seem to favor this, they are a very thirsty and diverse bunch.  (on camera):  Asking everybody the stretch position as a child.  Did you have to do?  Went right into it? UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Stress position. BOURDAIN:  The speed with which they assume the position.   (CROSSTALK) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Water.  BOURDAIN:  Water, wow.  What if your arms get tired?  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Make you do it again for 45 minutes to an hour.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  The whole thing is doing it again. BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Look, I'm not Korean, I'm not Asian, I'm a white boy from the suburbs, but I noticed something over time in my K- Town adventure.  Similar anecdotes, you might say. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  You know, they have done this quite a bit.  They came up a new one.  BOURDAIN:  I was very aware that all my Korean friends no matter how creative or successful seemed strangely haunted by something, but I never knew this.  (on camera):  How do you do this?  CHOE:  Oh, it goes up like this, and then it's like opening up an umbrella inside someone. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Colleagues.  You think it's hilarious and adults do that to each other.  BOURDAIN (voice-over):  What the hell that is about, I can only guess.  (on camera):  Cheers.  Koreans gone bad.  CHOE:  You're Korean now officially. (END VIDEOTAPE) (COMMERCIAL BREAK) (BEGIN VIDEOTAPE) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Pretty much any Korean you meet anywhere, you can take it for granted they like food, that they are passionate about food, particularly their food, which of all the immigrant cuisines has probably been messed with the least.  Unlike many new arrivals, Koreans seem to have been the most unwilling to accommodate western tastes.  Maybe that's why it took us so much time to love this stuff.  Beverly tofu house, like so much of K-Town's finer establishments, is tucked away in the corner of a strip mall.  CHOI:  This is one of my favorite spots, where I've been coming for almost 20 years.  This is a soup that's just like it's kind of Korean but really more --   BOURDAIN (on camera):  This is not a direct transplant from Korea. CHOI:  It became what we're about to have here in L.A. BOURDAIN:  Interesting.  CHOI:  It's different because of the ingredients we couldn't find, but never thinking about leaving the American palate just to make ourselves happy.  BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Sonsobu (ph) is the thing to get, a fiery, tongue-searing, ass-burning tofu soup that will make you forget every bad thing you ever thought about tofu.  A spicy, spicy red broth of tofu as the base.  We're taking soft tofu here, with a texture like boratta and from there a handful of variations.  But the most common is with kimchi with everything -- beef, oysters, mussels, clams, oh, table size.  They crack an egg in there.  (on camera):  Wow.  Right in there, cool.  That looks completely awesome.  Well, we better wait for this to cool.  So how do we eat this, spoon it over rice? CHOI:  Spoon it over rice.  Just mix it in.  That's good.  BOURDAIN:  Yes.   All tofu should be spicy by my way of thinking.  So good.   CHOI:  Yes.  Really.  BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Koreans can well remember when nobody was interested in their food.  Now, it's confusingly au courant.  Must be strange for the owners to be doing what they are doing for years.  CHOI:  Like, for example, like us sitting here like this, the questions that a lot of people are asking me in Korean, like I'm telling them, we're filming, you know, we're trying to show it, the number one question, they are not mad or vindictive.  The question is why?   BOURDAIN (on camera):  Why wouldn't we be interested? CHOI:  Why wouldn't we be interested?  Why would you waste your time? There's other things to do. BOURDAIN:  It's an extraordinarily beautiful and delicious things.  CHOI:  That's the thing.  The beauty is just already a given, already a part of fabric, so it's like why congratulate you, you know? There's no reason to congratulate you because this is like what we do. BOURDAIN:  It sounds awful honestly.  Totally enjoying this.  CHOI:  Yes. BOURDAIN:  What do your parents want you to be when you grow up?  CHOI:  For me, a doctor, a lawyer.  BOURDAIN:  Right.  Obviously not a doctor or lawyer.  Did you finish college?  CHOI:  I finished college and went to one year of law school and I walked out. BOURDAIN:  Right.  So you're a bad Korean.  CHOI:  I was a bad Korean.  If I was a mediocre accountant, it would be better than being a top chef. BOURDAIN:  According to who?  CHOI:  According to Korean culture, according to Korean uncles and aunts.  It doesn't register that that is a profession, you know?  I wouldn't have to explain myself if I just said I was a CPA. BOURDAIN:  Right.   CHOI:  Never.  You know that. BOURDAIN:  Still got some explaining to do.  CHOI:  Still.  Just get it across that I cook, and that there was this phenomenon that happened on the streets of L.A. that changed and opened up Korean culture to the world.  BOURDAIN (voice-over):  What does it mean to be Korean-American?  Does one create one's own world? I don't know that I'm any smarter about that now than when I first came to K-Town in the middle of the night to discover a strange and fabulous and delicious slice of America I had never known was there, but I'm trying to figure it out.  (END VIDEOTAPE)      ANTHONY BOURDAIN, HOST (voice-over):  Chances are you haven't been to this place.  Chances are this is a place you've never seen. Other than maybe blurry cell phone videos, old black-and-white newsreels from World War II.  Chances are bad things were happening in the footage you saw.        Myanmar, after 50 years of nightmare, something unexpected is happening here, and it's pretty incredible.        In Yangon, the capital city of Myanmar, it's dark.  Blackouts are frequent, with the ancient power grid.  But sources of light there are in the street cast an eerie yellow-orange hue.  For almost 100 years under British rule, this was Rangoon.  In 1948 after helping the British fight off the Japanese, and with the new taste for self- determination, the country gained independence.        After a decade of instability, however, the military consolidated power and never let go.  Elections?  They came and went.  The results ignored, opposition punished, or silenced entirely.        Burma, now Myanmar, where Orwell had once served as a colonial policeman, where he'd first grown to despise the apparatus of a security state, became more Orwellian than even he could have imagined.  A nation where even having an opinion could be dangerous.        BARACK OBAMA, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:  I am very honored to be here at this university and to be the first president of the United States of America to visit your country.        BOURDAIN:  Morning in Yangon, to nearly everyone's surprise, there have been some huge changes in recent months.        AUNG SAN SUU KYI, HUMAN RIGHTS ACTIVIST:  Difficult time in any transition is when we think that success is in sight.        BOURDAIN:  Nobel Prize-winning democracy champion, Aung San Suu Kyi, for nearly 15 years under house arrest, was released, and is now taking an active part in politics.        Just as the the doors are opening, my crew and I are among the first to record what has been unseen for decades by most of the world. Meanwhile, this Southeast Asian country of 80 million people is collectively holding its breath, waiting to see what's next, and will this loosening of government grip last?        Of course, morning in Yangon has always been about tea.  It's black Indian-style tea, usually with a thick dollop of sweetened condensed milk.  You want it sweet, less sweet, very sweet?  Strong? Less strong?  Everybody's got a preference, everybody's got a preferred tea shop, where they know presumably how you like yours.        THIHA SAW, JOURNALIST:  I want only last week a bit strong.        BOURDAIN:  Journalist and publisher Thiha Saw, we meet at the Seit Taing Kya tea shop.        SAW:  Anything could happen in a tea shop.  This place means a lot of things.  Not just a place to grab some snacks.        BOURDAIN:  For 50 years of paranoia and repression, teahouses were also the main forum for guarded and not-so guarded discussions of the daily news, where you tried to piece together the real stories behind the ludicrously chopped and censored newspapers.  But carefully, of course, because informers and secret police were also heavily represented in these hotbeds of sedition and discontent.        (On camera):  So given your profession, how have you managed to stay out of prison all of these years?        SAW:  No, I was there.        BOURDAIN:  Really?  How long?        SAW:  Two times.        BOURDAIN:  Two times.        SAW:  Once special Burma Police called me, hey, U Thiha Saw, would you please come into the office?  We need to talk.        BOURDAIN:  Right.        SAW:  So I went over there, and -- I was there 89 days in prison. It was a very serious control that came with the first government.        BOURDAIN:  Right.        SAW:  First scrutiny and registration so --        BOURDAIN:  That doesn't sound good.        SAW:  And take a look at everything.  They say, take this out, take it down or black this out, or just take the whole story out.        BOURDAIN:  Magazines that would come into the country would -- they'd cut, literally cut out the pieces?        SAW:  People under this kind of tight censorship, it will become more, I think, creative.  Take a look, careful reading, something between the lines.        BOURDAIN:  Right.        SAW:  Know it is.        BOURDAIN:  Well, something you were accused of, sending secret messages?        (Voice-over):  In the back, a cauldron of salty little fish bubble over hardwood coals.  Fingers work mountains of sweet bean, one of the fillings for the variety of pastries that are stuffed, shaped and put into an old wood stove oven.        In another corner, the heartening slap of fresh bread pressed against the clay wall of a tandoori and of course eggs bobs and spins in the magical held broth of fish, spice and herb.        (On camera):  Mohinga?  This I must have.  Correct me if I'm wrong, if there's a national dish, a fundamental most beloved fish, would it be -- would it be this?        SAW:  Yes, you take a look at all this stuff.  These is Indian, these are Chinese, et cetera, but then mohinga is a local thing.  And it's probably found in the city but also in the rural areas, too. It's fish based with some rice or noodles, sometimes we put in some crispies, like fried beans, or fried (INAUDIBLE).  So these are some coriander leaves.        BOURDAIN:  Yes.        SAW:  And some lime.        BOURDAIN:  Sprinkle some in here.  Good textures.  Particularly in the light of Obama's recent visit, these are interesting times. Significant changes for the first time in 50 years.        SAW:  Yes.  That's one thing that's quite significant.  You take a look around, all kinds of people, all age groups.  I think a couple of years ago, people would be talking about politics, you toned down.        BOURDAIN:  Right.        SAW:  And you (INAUDIBLE).  But nowadays, people are just more outspoken.  The government is much more open.  They also are relaxing the rules about censorship.  August 20th, we were called into the PSRD office, many publishers and editors, and the director general of the (INAUDIBLE), the boss, OK, 48 years and 20 days of censorship is gone. That's it.        BOURDAIN:  Feel good?        SAW:  Yes.  That's what we've been waiting for so many years.        BOURDAIN:  I love the answer.  It's a careful yes.        SAW:  Yes.  First people in the country, we have some doubt about it.  OK, is it real?  The changes and the reforms?  But as now it's about a couple of years.  And then now people starting to believe, OK, maybe it's real.  The process is still very young, but it's still possible.  When the generals stop and say, OK, enough and enough, let's turn back or let's stop.  I'm optimistic about the changes and the reforms.  But you're still cautiously optimistic.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  In Yangon, motor bikes are outlawed.  Why is a matter of much rumor and speculation, so it's the bus for me. Something seems almost out of sync.  Not too long ago, even filming here officially as an open professional Western film crew, would have been unthinkable.        In 2007, a Japanese journalist was shot point-blank and killed filming a street demonstration.  Be seen talking to anybody with a camera and there would likely be a knock on your door in the middle of the night.  Yet so far confronted with our cameras, a few smiles, and mostly indifference at worst, shocking considering how recently the government has started to relax its grip.        MA THANEGI, LOCAL FOOD WRITER:  We love to eat.  And don't forget for 15 years, we were under two dictatorships, and officially under socialism.  There were not a lot of things to do.  But you know, cook and get shampoo and eat.        BOURDAIN:  This is Ma Thanegi, a famous and very controversial figure in public life.        (On camera):  Myanmar or Burma?        MA THANEGI:  Myanmar, because that's the original name since the 13th century.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  This Ma Thanegi, like U Thiha Saw, has also spent time in prison.  But emerging after three years, she became in the minds of many an apologist for the regime.  Fairly or not, I leave to others.        MA THANEGI:  Sometimes, outside, I just act as if, you know, it's only after the military junta went away that, you know, things happen, especially with the state like (INAUDIBLE).        BOURDAIN:  But her many well-known books on the culinary traditions of Myanmar make her a compelling advocate for Burmese cuisine.        (On camera):  So you're very passionate about the cooking and the cuisine here and the --        MA THANEGI:  Of course.  It's just that I like to eat.  And I eat like a pig.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  This is Yangon's Feel restaurant.        MA THANEGI:  Salads I think are the best of our food.  I'm going to order a lot of salads you haven't had.  You know, it's good to be like sort of a tasting thing.        BOURDAIN:  It was pig head salad with kaffir lime leaf, long beans salad with sesame and fish sauce.  Penny leaf salad, even this salad of Indian-style samosa.        (On camera):  Everything is out there at the same time.        MA THANEGI:  Yes.        BOURDAIN:  No first court or second course?        MA THANEGI:  No.  No, no, no.  If I'm invited to a friend's house, the table would be covered with dishes.        BOURDAIN:  Right.        MA THANEGI:  Covered.        BOURDAIN:  And it's really about the interaction between a lot of colors, textures and flavors in one dish or --        MA THANEGI:  Different.        BOURDAIN:  Different.        MA THANEGI:  Yes.        BOURDAIN:  Wow, I'm in love.  That's good.        MA THANEGI:  Yes.  Thank you.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  And of course, there's the maddeningly delicious condiments and pickles of which to make each dish your own.        MA THANEGI:  You make a lot of different combinations with each mouthful.        BOURDAIN (on camera):  This is something very confusing in general in this part of the world, everyone eats everything differently to very much to their taste.        MA THANEGI:  Anything goes.        BOURDAIN:  Anything goes.        MA THANEGI:  Every mouthful, you can make a different flavor.        (COMMERCIAL BREAK)      BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Credit cards accepted almost nowhere. Cash machines, uh-uh.  Wifi?  Internet?  Rare.  3G , you've got to be kidding.  If you need to exchange money here, only crisp, absolutely new $100 bills accepted.  In Myanmar, it's another older world.        Oh, and what's up with this?        (On camera):  With all kissing sounds, that smooching, kissing, you know, sound that you're hearing all over the place?  My wife would have been in like 10 fights so far.  Sorry, who are you smooching at? Bitch.        (Voice-over):  This is how you summon a waiter in Myanmar.  I know.  I know.  Try that at Hooters, and you would be rightly ejected. It takes some getting used to, for sure.        (INAUDIBLE) is a big noisy seafood house where fished prepared in the style of Yakan, the coastal province to the west named for the Yakan people.  One of over 135 distinct ethnic groups around here.        (On camera):  See, now we're talking.  Prawn curry is one of those -- one of those things that we're told you've got to eat here. Prawns from the river, then tomato curry.  Try this.  Good sauce. That's good.  That is some good shit, my friends.  We shall know them by the number of their dead.        (Voice-over):  Early morning in Yangon.  Among the crush of commuters, shoppers, people trying to make a living, rise up the last remnants of empire.  Faded, often crumbling, but still there after all these years.  These are the offices, businesses, and public buildings of the British colonials.        The Sofaer building was once one of the swankest department stores in Rangoon.  A century ago in Kipling's poem, "Mandalay," was beckoning the over-heated imaginations of a generation of young Englishmen.  Here you could buy fine Egyptian cigarettes, French liqueurs.  The floor tiles were shipped over from Manchester.        Now people live here.  A half centuries of a pariah state has left very few of these buildings in good repair.  And there are divergent views on whether to preserve them.  For many a reminder of colonial subjugation, for others, a vest inch of a golden time.        These days in Myanmar in the streets, on the docks, it's all about moving forward.  In an economy ripe to explode if things continue trending in their current direction, the busy hustle and bustle of Yangon's port appears even busier today as workers prepare for the oncoming holiday.        PHILIP LAJAUNIE, FRIEND:  Hey, Chef.  How are you doing?        BOURDAIN:  It figures, doesn't it?        LAJAUNIE:  It does.  Welcome to Myanmar.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Philip Lajaunie, owner and proprietor of my old restaurant Les Halles.        (On camera):  It seems only natural that you'd be in Burma, Myanmar at the same time as me.        (Voice-over):  Back before anything, before I wrote the book that changed my life from broke ass utility grave chef to whatever it is I am today, I'd never been to Asia until this guy sent me to Japan, and got me hooked on a continent.        LAJAUNIE:  There we go.        BOURDAIN (on camera):  Oh, nice.  Chicken head, yes.        LAJAUNIE:  That is the perfect mood awakener.       BOURDAIN:  Yes.        (Voice-over):  Philip travels constantly.  He's been bouncing around Asia for decades.  Like all good travelers he's relentlessly curious, and without fear or prejudice.        LAJAUNIE:  It's fantastic.        BOURDAIN:  It makes perfect sense then that over cold brew and chicken necks in the port of Yangon, Philip is the one joining me to explore this particular moment in Myanmar.        LAJAUNIE:  That's the (INAUDIBLE).        BOURDAIN (on camera):  It is going to be a party.        LAJAUNIE:  Yes.        BOURDAIN:  Full moon party tonight.        (CROSSTALK)      What's that means, we have no idea.        LAJAUNIE:  We don't know.  There's only one way to find out, I suppose.  It sounds like a party.        BOURDAIN:  It gets crazy from now on.        (Voice-over):  It's Kason Day, Full Moon Day, a holiday marking the end of the rainy season.  And today marks the beginning of three days of breakout the crazy.  Giant speakers compete for attention. Everybody cheerfully oblivious to the distortion.  Cotton candy, trinkets, tube socks, just like a New York street fair, but with infinitely better food.        (On camera):  These are the little birds?        LAJAUNIE:  Yes.  These guys are really good.  Just flying -- this morning.        BOURDAIN:  I'll tell you, it's the backbone of every street fair in the world, isn't it?  Deep fried food.        LAJAUNIE:  That's right.  And here they also have the little butter where they break a quail egg in it.  One shot, it's pretty good.  All right.  This is so tasty.  Much greasy than I thought it would be.  And quite delicate.        BOURDAIN:  Anytime you tell me crispy little bird, I'm all over it.        LAJAUNIE:  Good beak, too.        BOURDAIN:  Good beak.        LAJAUNIE:  Crispy and tender.        BOURDAIN:  Oh, and they have rides.        (Voice-over):  Check this out.  OK.  It's a Ferris wheel, but the power source, not unusual for these parts, is not electric, it ain't gas.        (On camera):  Oh, man, are you kidding me?        (Voice-over):  It's human power.        LAJAUNIE:  Yes.  See it to believe it.        BOURDAIN:  An absolutely insanely dangerous closely choreographed process of first getting the the giant heavily laden wheel in motion and then getting it up to top speed and keeping it there.        (On camera):  Wow.  Look at this thing tilting out, too.        LAJAUNIE:  Another break.  Then it goes the other way.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Note the footwear, by the way.  And it's not just this one, every coming blocks bigger and bigger Ferris wheels, each one with its own troupe of acrobatic spinners.  For sure, going for a ride is tempting, but --        (On camera):  CNN host implicated in death of four underage carnies.  The thing just came off the hinges the next thing you know it's rolling down the street and sending those kids flying.  If I had any idea, I never would have taken the ride, says Bourdain.  No, I don't think so.        (Voice-over):  Hard making a buck, but again and again, the seats are loaded with smiling families, the team climbs aboard and the circus begins again.        (On camera):  Good luck, may you return safely with all of your limbs intact.        (COMMERCIAL BREAK)      BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Next day in the Full Moon Festival. Whether you're looking out the window at a rural village or at the streets of Yangon, what's happening is probably pretty similar, a tableau of dancing, body painting, car mounted speakers blasting.  But it's also three days of merit accruing, the practice of performing charitable or otherwise good works in the hopes of jacking up your karma.        Money trees are paraded around, pinwood cash donations for months.  Free banquets and feasts are held.  And many moments of spiritual reflection.  The majority of people here practice Tera Vata Buddhism, the oldest, most conservative form of the religion, which simply puts, asserts that existence is pretty much a continuous cycle of suffering through birth, death and rebirth.        (On camera):  Noisy.        ZARNI BO, ACTIVIST/LOCAL ASTROLOGER:  Very noisy.  Very noisy, yes.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  The Morning Star Teahouse where I've come, well, for a couple of reasons.  Reason one, the must-have bone deep, old school favorite around here, La Pet Tuk.  The salad of fermented tea leaves.  I know, that does not sound good, but you'd be wrong to think that.        Take the fermented tea leaves, add cabbage, tomatoes, lots and lots of crunchy bits like toasted peanuts, season with lime and fish sauce.        (On camera):  This is absolutely delicious.        ZARNI BO:  You like it?        BOURDAIN:  Oh, yes.  It's fantastic.        ZARNI BO:  Yes, yes, fantastic.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Simple, delicious, things not to be taken for granted if you've been in and out of the joint like this guy, Zarni Bo, activist, astrologer and three times convict.        (On camera):  You know, everyone I've met in this country so far, in fact, has been to prison.        ZARNI BO:  Yes.  This happens again and again for us in Myanmar.        BOURDAIN:  For almost six years?        ZARNI BO:  Six years.  Nearly six years.  All the judgments are made by the kangaroo court and navy, army, and the air force.  These three officials sitting all together, they read off, this is your sentence.        BOURDAIN:  Right.        ZARNI BO:  It happens only minutes, like that.        BOURDAIN:  What is life like inside prison?        ZARNI BO:  Nice, nice, very nice.        BOURDAIN:  I have a hard time believing that.        ZARNI BO:  Very nice.  We can talk to each other, you know, say something, use a mirror to look at each other.        BOURDAIN:  Access to books?        ZARNI BO:  No books.  No writing things, no paper.  No, nothing at all.  A mat and a blanket and a plate and a bowl.        BOURDAIN:  Right.        ZARNI BO:  Only these are things that we possess.        BOURDAIN:  How is the food?        ZARNI BO:  Think about that.        BOURDAIN:  The food in prison?        ZARNI BO:  Soup.  Rice with pea soup.  Only one meat meal for a week.  That's on Thursday.  You know that in prison, in ancient prison, all the fishes -- nobody, only the head and the tail.  No middle part.        (LAUGHTER)      BOURDAIN:  So there is hope for this country, in your view.  Yes?       ZARNI BO:  Yes, yes.  Especially with the Buddhists believe how to live in situations, dictators, political passion, or even discrimination, everything is happening to us, but the Buddhists say, OK, that's a past life now, even if you do something, you can make something really good.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  There's something pretty cool about meeting people who have been for so long unable to speak.  Now so unguarded about their hopes and their feelings.        Sizzling meats, the clink of beer glasses, ringing bicycle bells. This is Yangon's 19th Street.  Does Yangon rock?  Can it rock?        DARKO, LEAD SINGER, SIDE EFFECT ROCK BAND:  Nine years, really like a must-go place when you are in Yangon.        BOURDAIN:  Meet Burmese punk rockers Side Effect, and lead singer Darko.        DARKO:  You can come here any time.  There will be lots of people like here.        BOURDAIN (on camera):  So if you sit here long enough, you'll see every musician in town?        (LAUGHTER)      DARKO:  Yes, you can say that.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  The citywide curfews used to mean close your doors at 11:00 p.m.  Most shops and restaurants still close early but not here on 19th Street, where you can eat barbecue late into the night.        (On camera):  Wow.  What do we have here?  Grilled tofu?        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  This is pork tail.        BOURDAIN:  Pork tail.  Yes.  This is barbecue is awesome.        (Voice-over):  These young men show exactly how determined you've got to be to rock, especially in Burma.        DARKO:  I like to say my early influence was Nirvana, and then (INAUDIBLE), and stuff like that.        BOURDAIN (on camera):  What American bands do you hate?        DARKO:  Creed.        BOURDAIN:  Yes.        DARKO:  Yes.        BOURDAIN:  They are like the worst band in the history of, like, the world.  So what's it like having an indie band in Myanmar? Difficult?        DARKO:  For sure, sure.  Yes.  Before you record a song, so you know like when you've got the lyrics, you have to submit the lyrics, so they're going to censor it, they're going to check it.  And even sometimes they will, you know, suggest to you some words to change.        BOURDAIN:  That must be funny.        DARKO:  Very funny, I'll tell you, you know.        BOURDAIN:  Now is that still the case?        DARKO:  No, it's not like that any more.  They're not going to censor you, but it's going to be kind of risky.  You don't know what's going to happen to you if you write and sing something wrong.        BOURDAIN:  So let me ask this.  If all your dreams came true, where would you want to play?        DARKO:  Really?  New York City.        BOURDAIN:  You want to go to New York City?        DARKO:  Yes.  My dream is to be strong, so that's why -- what I'm -- what I keep telling my band mates.  Come on, be strong.  Have faith.        BOURDAIN:  I hope people reach out to you.  Because making roll and roll is hard enough.  A truly independent rock and roll is even harder.  And I'm guessing that making it here is harder still.  So, gentlemen, you deserve some success.  People should hear you.        DARKO:  Yes.        (COMMERCIAL BREAK)      LAJAUNIE:  So you hear the sleeping car lost a wheel.        BOURDAIN (on camera):  The what?        LAJAUNIE:  The sleeping car lost a wheel.  And the dining car so we get --        BOURDAIN:  No, we lost the dining car, I hear.        LAJAUNIE:  We lost the dining car, but even our original sleeping car lost a wheel.  So we just have to hope for the best.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  The Night Express to Bagan.  Six hundred kilometers of what will turn out to be kidney-softening travel by rail, but Bagan, Myanmar's ancient capital, I've been told, is a must- see.        LAJAUNIE:  The true old English experience.  The engine is a French engine from the '70s.        BOURDAIN:  We've been told it's a somewhat uncomfortable 10-hour trip.        (On camera):  So really the question on this end of the journey is come back on the train or flying coffin?        (Voice-over):  Mishaps on both Burmese planes and trains are not, shall we say, unheard of.        (On camera):  The widow-maker express.        LAJAUNIE:  That is the choice.  That may be the signal to depart at some point.        BOURDAIN:  Yes.  All aboard.  Whoa.  We're moving.  Here we go.        LAJAUNIE:  Here we go.  That's it.  We are at cruising speed.        BOURDAIN:  Really?  This is cruising speed?  We can literally outrun this thing.        LAJAUNIE:  We could.  Jog ahead, have a nice meal in some, you know, recommended restaurant.        BOURDAIN:  We could catch up with it.        LAJAUNIE:  With a digestive walk.  Here we go.  This is stop number one of 75.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Heading north, the scenery opens up.  The space between things gets wider, more pastoral, and more beautiful. Looking around at my fellow passengers, it could be hard to distinguish between the 135-plus ethnic groups that make up the Burmese population.  The very name, Burma, refers actually to only one of these groups.        What they all seem to have in common, however, is a tonika, a face paint in sun block made from tree bark that masks many of their faces.  It's ubiquitous here.  At first jarring to see, it quickly becomes something you get used to and take for granted.         Yangon's gravitational pull broken, and with darkness falling, the train picks up speed.  At times terrifyingly so.        LAJAUNIE:  If this thing is going to derail at some point.  They have lost how many wheels yesterday?  On this one train?  So truly it's about being in the right car, the one that keeps its wheels.        BOURDAIN:  Derailments or rail splits, as they are referred to here, is somewhat more benign sounding occurrence that say rolling off the tracks into a rice paddy, are not uncommon.  And one can't help wondering what the engineer and conductor are thinking as the train speeds heedlessly on faster and faster.        LAJAUNIE:  I mean, it must be, what, like 40, 50 miles per hour at this point.        BOURDAIN (on camera):  I wonder if anyone has ever flown right out of their seat out the window.        LAJAUNIE:  (INAUDIBLE), sure.        BOURDAIN:  You don't want to be, like, holding a lab dog.        LAJAUNIE:  Or a baby or anything.  I mean.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Try pissing in the bathroom and find yourself launched straight up into the ceiling, bringing to a rude conclusion what was already an omni-directional experience.        (On camera):  It's smooth now.  It's very relaxing.        LAJAUNIE:  What kind of beer did you have?  I want the same.        (COMMERCIAL BREAK)      LAJAUNIE:  One thousand?        UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  One thousand.        LAJAUNIE:  OK.  Done.  Well, this is breakfast.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Nearly 19 hours into our 10-hour trip and the Night Express to Bagan lurches and bounces onward over old and poorly maintained track.        (On camera):  And fly back to New York for breakfast.        LAJAUNIE:  I have time.        BOURDAIN:  What's in yours?        LAJAUNIE:  Carrots.        BOURDAIN:  Potato.        LAJAUNIE:  How do you make good pretty.  Look at this, a bouquet of fish.  Indeed.  This is it.  This is the plain of Bagan.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Out the window, the modern world seems to fade away, then disappear all together, like the last century never happened, or even the century before that.  We're traveling across the largest mainland nation in Southeast Asia.  But it should be pointed out that we are still within the confines of the tourist triangle. Areas permissible for travel.        Whole sectors of this country, much of it, in fact, are off- limits.  Simply put, there is shit going on they do not want you to see.  A low intensity conflict with the ethnic Kachin tribe would be one of them.  A wave of persecution and death in the Thu Kine state. The country may be opening up at its center but all along the edges is waging a desperate war to hang on to the status quo.  Needless to say, the status quo is not good.        LAJAUNIE:  All right.  Bagan, here we come.        BOURDAIN:  A thousand years ago Bagan was the capital for a long line of Burma kings.  It's the sort of place where the old coexists with the even older.  As elsewhere in this part of the world, in many of the Buddhist temples here far older animist, spirit-based beliefs coexist with more recent Buddhism.        And in Myanmar, worship of the gnats is wide spread.  Nat, as I understand it, are more like Greek gods, formed as humans, demigods, spirits, often with very human qualities and failings.        Dance performances pay homage to the individual nats, performers claiming to actually channel them, bringing about, one hopes, a beneficial spiritual possession.  But I'm not just here for a nat pue (ph).  I have a list.  Things to eat in Myanmar.  And this is one of them.  Chicken curry.  And from roadside joints like this nestled among the temple ruins, you're more than likely to catch a very enticing whiff.        (On camera):  Just delicious.  Spicy, but not to the point that you want to scream out for mercy, but (INAUDIBLE).        (Voice-over):  Slow simmered curry served with a side of sour soup made from rozelle leaves.  With it, you get fried ground chillis, pickled bean sprouts, you get the idea.        (On camera):  These relishes, these dippy type things, it's like really interesting salad, but I'm not that really a salad guy.  The salads here are -- they're happening.  Spicy, sour, salty, savory, just delicious.  Delicious.  A plethora of textures and flavors.        Thought a lot of their food.  Clearly light thing, like meeting people.  Think a lot about those (INAUDIBLE) thousands of flavors, colors, and textures.  The best restaurant in the country so far, by the way.        (COMMERCIAL BREAK)      DON LEMON, CNN ANCHOR:  I'm Don Lemon.  Here are your headlines this hour.        John Kerry again offers open talks to North Korea on their nuclear program, but only if they make the first move.  Kerry's in Tokyo right now.  A North Korean government statement called the offer an American trick.  It's still anyone's guess if the North Koreans are going to launch a missile in the coming hours or days.        A former lawman is being held on a $3 million bond in Texas. Eric Williams used to be a Justice of the Peace in Kaufman County. That's where two prosecutors were shot dead in recent weeks.  Deputies went to Williams' house with a search warrant, tied to the murders and arrested him.  They are not saying if Williams' arrest is directly connected to the case.        Australian Adam Scott won the Masters Golf Tournament today in a sudden death playoff with Argentina's Angel Cabrera.  Scott sank a 12- foot birdie putt on the second playoff hole to capture the first major title.  He's the first Australian ever to win the Masters.  Tiger Woods finished tied for four -- fourth, four strokes back.        Those are your headlines this hour.  I'm Don Lemon, keeping you informed, CNN, the most trusted name in news.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  You'd expect this, an ancient city of nearly unparalleled size and beauty to be overrun with tourists, souvenir shops, snack bars, tours on tape, but, no.        LAJAUNIE:  Oh, this is stunning.        BOURDAIN:  You'll encounter some Western travelers at Bagan's temple sites for sure, but generally speaking they are a hardy bunch. Even the bus tours here are not for the feint of heart or weak of spirit.  But for the most part you're far more likely to bump into a goat than a foreigner.        LAJAUNIE:  This is so beautiful, so much like an ode to human, you know, beliefs and adoration and worshipping and --        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Slave labor.        LAJAUNIE:  And slave labor.        BOURDAIN:  I'm thinking you build these many temples, thousands of them in a relatively short period of time, chances are, somebody was working for less than minimum wage, let's put it that way.        LAJAUNIE:  For sure.  We could fly here.  Look at that.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  A millennia ago in a period of just under 250 years, over 4,000 structures like this were built here.  They say that a Burma king, Anawrahta, began this project after a conversion to Tera Vata style Buddhism.        (On camera):  They started a new temple like every 14 days.        (Voice-over):  Over 3,000 pagodas, temples and monasteries remain today.  Inside almost every one of them, a Buddha figure, each one different.        LAJAUNIE:  And I like how integrated it is with the trees, pastures.        BOURDAIN (on camera):  Actually, funny you should mention that. People used to live here, but the government came along in the '80s I believe and relocated.  It was a mass relocation project so any homes, anything, it was understood that this is a good, you know, just a tourist bucks here.  They've relocated the entire population.        We're in one of the first mass waves of tourists.  European tourists have been coming here in relatively small numbers for a long time, but the floodgates have certainly opened.  They are building hotels like crazy around this area, what's called a tourist triangle.        LAJAUNIE:  What is this here?  This is a nice color.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  As Myanmar begins its shift towards accommodating increasing tourism and a service economy to go with it, there will be adjustments.  There will be, of course, a downside.        UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  How might you pay?        BOURDAIN (on camera):  What's that going to mean?  How will Burmese react to all the good and the evils that come with tourism?        UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  OK, Mister, what about you?  You buy one? OK.        LAJAUNIE:  Perfect.        BOURDAIN:  It's going to mean mobility, it's going to mean prosperity for some.  It will mean a lot of bad things, too.  It will mean prostitution.  It will mean hustling.        UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  OK.        (CROSSTALK)      UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Buy one for the children.        LAJAUNIE:  OK.  And you too.        UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Everybody is selling to you.  You buy plenty.  You buy plenty.  But you don't postcard.  That's not fair. You buy postcard.        LAJAUNIE:  But I don't need the postcard.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  We're told the kids are dropping out of school to do this.  The double-edged sword of the service economy.        UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  You want to buy postcard for only $5, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10.        BOURDAIN (on camera):  What I'm amazed is how friendly and open people are with us, and it's very easy for me to sit here and say whatever I want about the government, right?  Me can go home, you know.  Our lives will go on.  We don't pay the price for that show. Everybody who helped us could very well pay that price.        It should be pointed out that a lot of people did not.  A lot of people were very nice to us but said, look, I just -- I've already been in jail, you know.  I really don't want to go back.  It's a very real concern what happens to the people we leave behind.  You know, one would think you can't win's one freedom, you know, they have tasted freedom.  Well, you know, you can't put the toothpaste back in the tube, you know.  There's no doubt about that.        (Voice-over):  But for the moment at least things seem to be moving in the right direction, a country closed off to most for so long, sleeping, a 50-year nightmare for many of its citizens, finally, may be waking up.  To what?  Time will tell.   ANTHONY BOURDAIN, HOST:  I've always wanted to get as far away as possible from the place that I was born.  Far both geographically and spiritually.  To leave it behind.   (MUSIC) BOURDAIN:  Tangier, it's Morocco.  But from 1923 through 1956, it was loosely governed by the major powers, in international zone.  For years, it seemed, everything was permitted, nothing was forbidden.  At the northern tip of Africa, a short ferry hop from Spain, Tangier was a magnet for writers, (INAUDIBLE) band, spies, and artists.   If you were a bad boy of your time, if you liked drugs, the kind of sex that was frowned upon at home, and an affordable lifestyle set against an exotic background, Tangier was for you.   Matisse, Genest, William Burroughs.  Many have come this way, staying a while or hanging around, but no one stayed longer or became more associated with Tangier than the novelist and composer Paul Bowles. In works like "The Sheltering Sky" he created a romantic vision of Tangier that persists even today.  A dream that has become almost inseparable in the minds of many from reality.   I'm here to find that dream city.  The place Burroughs referred to as "Interzone."   Tangier, like I said was a city of ex-pats -- people with pasts, people who simply didn't like where they were and crave somewhere and something else.   The Grand Socco is the gateway to the Medina where you could find the Kasbah, which means fortress, by the way.  The Port of Tangier is to the east, and right in the middle of it all, the Petit Socco.  What Uncle Bill Burroughs called the last spot, the meeting place, the switchboard of Tangier.   Reasons for settling in Tangier diverge, but everyone sooner or later, since the beginning of memory, comes to Cafe Tingis.  Jonathan Dawson came to this city over 20 years ago as a journalist and he never left. He lives a live not too distant from Burroughs' fantasy.  Taking tea at 4:00 every day, served by his manservant.  He may not have a gazelle, but a pet rooster will do.  And every day he makes the rounds of the cafes, seeing all the old faces, ending up sooner or later here.   (On camera):  So this is the Petit Socco?  JONATHAN DAWSON:  This is Petit Socco.  Yes.  This socco existed in Venetian times, it existed in Roman times, it existed in the Portuguese times.  The English were here for 22 years, then the international city until 1956, now it's conflicting the problem.  This is very historic square.  Very historic.   BOURDAIN:  As a writer, I've noticed everybody who comes here to do an article does the same article.   DAWSON:  It's so damn boring.  They all do Paul Bowles and the beat generation and there are lots of other stories in the block apart from that.  But everyone likes the beats, Bill Burroughs, and all that stuff, and Tennessee Williams, and they were all here.   BOURDAIN:  Yes.   DAWSON:  But that's a small part of Moroccan history.  That's a 15- year page.  There was a life before that and a life after that. You're here.   BOURDAIN:  Yes.  It was inevitable.  Let's pretend that those guys never came.  What is -- what is this place?   DAWSON:  Well, the reality is, if you can read the Paul Bowles story you can live it.  And people do come here and try and live it, but they don't stay very long.   BOURDAIN:  Right.   DAWSON:  They smoke a little dope, and they'd go to a cheap hotel and they go home with bedbugs.   BOURDAIN:  Right.   (CROSSTALK) DAWSON:  That's another life story.   BOURDAIN:  And a great story.   DAWSON:  And a great story.   BOURDAIN:  But I mean, the attitude here is different than other parts of Morocco.  I think they have a higher tolerance of tradition of bad or outrageous behavior.   DAWSON:  They have a high tolerance of mad people, you know?  But the Moroccans essentially are very tolerant people.  They quite like madness as well.  They kind of celebrate that a bit, you know?   BOURDAIN:  How Moroccan is Tangier?   DAWSON:  It's a Moroccan city with a European outlook.  You know, you can stand up on the boulevard, you can see Spain and Gibraltar, so you're going to see all sorts of people passing through but it's a very Moroccan city.  I'm 62 years old.  I didn't know international days which finished in 1956, but at that time I think Europeans may have outnumbered Moroccans in the center of this city.  It's not the case now, there's very few Europeans actually living here full time.   BOURDAIN:  The notion of living a life apart, of being somewhere else, there are those who like that feeling.  I like that feeling.  And then there are those who may live apart, they may live somewhere else, but they're not entirely comfortable.  It's the -- the difference annoys them or is a burden.   DAWSON:  It did, and it frustrates them.  Some people have to leave home to find their home.  I'm one of those people.  Whereas I didn't feel at home in the country I was born in at all.  But up here I feel OK.  I feel very, very happy here.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  There is indeed something special about this place.  Burroughs described the native corridor of Tangier as a maze of sunless twisting streets filled with blind alleys.  Its smell was particularly notable to him, including a mix of hashish, seared meat, and sewage.   Tangier, before anything else, is essentially a port city, with all the things that traditionally come with port cities.  It's situated at the choke point between the Atlantic Ocean and the Mediterranean Sea. The Moroccan Coast is a rich fishing ground, and a lot of people make their living from the sea.   On shore they use a method call senhal fishing, where weighted nets basically drag fish across the bottom of the sea.  Some of that fish, the good stuff, anyway, ends up here.  The Saveur de Poisson, or Restaurant Populare or Popeye's.  The place has got a lot of names, but locals and ex-pats alike who've been coming here for years say it's got some of the best Tagine in town.   Mohamed Belhadj, the owner and head chef in some of the nearby Rif mountains.  And he sources a lot of his stuff, his produce and his greens from there.  And he's real proud of them.  The dark room of the place is dedicated to sorting and drying various herbs which he blends into a secret mix he claims has all sorts of healthful and boner- inspiring benefits.   If every dish I've been told over the years is going to make me strong worked, I'd have a permanent pup tent going on down there, so I take all that with a grain of salt.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE: .  Hi.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  Hello.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  How are you?   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Belhadj's son Hassan delivers the food.  It all starts with fresh olives.  They're in season now.  And roasted walnuts.  Some warm, very good bread.  Oh yes, and you get this stuff. Everybody gets it.  A pulpy puree of figs, raisins, strawberries and full of Mohamed's potent herbs and spices, of course.   MOHAMED BELHADJ, OWNER:  All night, it cooks.   BOURDAIN:  Yes, yes, yes, I get it.  It's supposed to make me more manly.  You know what?  I'm eating.  Let's not talk about that, OK, sunshine?  What is a Tagine anyway?  It's a traditional Moroccan stew that can include vegetables, meat or fish.  Tonight, baby shark, calamari and monkfish, with fresh mountain spinach.  Slowly cooked over charcoal in the classic clay pot that gives it its name, the Tagine's dome top.  It's supposed to force the condensation back into the dish and keep it moist and tender.   (On camera):  It's delicious.  I think it's -- with these greens and the aromatics and herbs, I have no idea what they are.  I've never had anything like that.  The Tangier version of farm to table.   Wow, what is that?  Thank you.   (Voice-over):  And a whole turbo, brushed with olive oil, salt and pepper and some coriander, then grilled perfectly over the coals. Cuddled up next to the fish, tiny shark kebabs.  Cute.   (On camera):  Wow, spectacular.  It's good value.  All of this for 20 bucks?  We actually did a pretty good on Mr. Fish.  That will teach you.   He's freaking me out now.  It's like that guy with, you know, you're tripping, and he goes like this to you?   (Voice-over):  For dessert, strawberries, pine nuts and honey.  Like the whole meal, it's eccentric and delicious.   (On camera):  Thank you.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  You're welcome.   BOURDAIN:  I haven't had so much fruits and nuts since Altaban.  I told Mick, I said, Mick, this is a bad crowd.  Back of the shop, but he's like, man, we can't disappoint the fans.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  "In Tangier, I lived in one room in the native quarter.  I have not taken a bath in a year nor changed my clothes or removed them, except to stick a needle every hour in the fibrous gray wooden flesh of terminal addiction.  I never cleaned or dusted the room.  Empty ampoule boxes and garbage piled up to the ceiling.  Life and water long since turned off for nonpayment.   I did absolutely nothing.  I could look at the end of my shoes for eight hours.  I was only roused to action when the hourglass of junk ran out."   The words of William Seward Burroughs, one of my heroes.  He came to Tangier in 1953, shortly after shooting his wife to death in a drunken accident in Mexico City.  He was a heroin addict, a homosexual and an inspiration to those proto-hipsters who became known as the beast. Burroughs, however, was not a hipster.  There was nothing beatnik about him.   He was a somewhat stuffy, well-dressed St. Louis son of a good family gone wrong.  He was also to my mind the greatest writer of the whole damn bunch.   On the road, you can have it.  His classic "Naked Lunch" was written here.  A nonlinear, dark, dry humored searingly critical and satirical and profane masterpiece.  Burroughs was apparently high for much of the process, on heroin or a locally valuable opiate called Eukodol. And of course the daily staple in many of these parts, hashish, kief, and Majoon.   Hashish is the concentrated THC-rich resin of the cannabis plant, as well as varying amounts of its flowers and leaves that had been separated from the buds and compressed into sheet or brick-like form. Kief, a more local and indigenous product, is the part of the plant containing only the strongest concentration of psychoactive ingredients.  Majoon is a confection made from kief, fruits, nuts, chocolate and honey.   I was, of course, fascinated by this product since reading about it and inquired of some local contacts, who shall necessarily go unnamed.  How was it made?  This is what I wanted to know.   They were kind enough to demonstrate.  Kief is first chopped into fine granules and then slowly added to melted butter and chocolate over a low heat to toast it and release the psychotropic goodies within. While the binder element of the majoon is slow-cooking in the plan, combination of spices are blended with cashews, almonds, walnuts and dried fruit.  This will be the framework to suspend the THC-laden goodness in the next step.   The cannabis-laced butter chocolate is added along with plenty of honey to bind together all the ingredients.  Then mix.  Last, you roll the entirety of the mixture into a ball and either refrigerate or dig right in.   Of course, network standards and practices prohibit me from even tasting this delicious and reportedly mind-altering treat.  I'm guessing, anyway.  So until I see Christiane and Wolf doing bong riffs in "THE SITUATION ROOM," I will of course abide by these rules because that's the kind of guy I am.   There is one particular cafe in the heart of the Kasbah that has drawn in foreign dignitaries, rock stars, aristocrats and artists since it opened its doors in 1943.  Cafe Baba.  Sweet mint tea in a thick slow- moving haze of smoke.  It smells like my dorm room 1972.   (On camera):  Good evening, hello.   GEORGE BAJALIA:  I'm George.   BOURDAIN (Voice-over):  This is George Bajalia and Zaneb Benjalum (ph).   (On camera):  Thank you for having me.   BAJALIA:  Yes.  And welcome to Cafe Baba.  BOURDAIN (voice-over):  I should say right now, I have no direct knowledge or awareness of either George or Zaneb smoking any illegal substances nor do I have any contemporary news recollection at this time of me doing anything untoward in their presence because that would be, like, wrong, dude.   George is here on a Fulbright scholarship and Zaneb is an artist from (INAUDIBLE).  Others in the room, however, well, don't give me that innocent look, you young punks.  I know somebody in here is smoking reefer.   (On camera):  So how stoned are people here?   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  We can ask, just ask.   BOURDAIN:  You know, you're not getting totally ripped here?   BAJALIA:  No.  It's a functional part of daily life.  For a long time, the rest of the country and the government didn't really like Tangier a whole lot.  It was seedy.  There were these foreigners who came here and --   (CROSSTALK) BAJALIA:  He likes Tangier.   BOURDAIN:  He likes.   BAJALIA:  Yes.  It makes money.   BOURDAIN:  He sees it as a future economic super power, as I understand it.  He's talking condos, boutique, hotels.  Is that good or bad?   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  For Moroccans, it's work.   BOURDAIN:  Right.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  But of course ex-pats want to keep Tangier like they know it before.   BAJALIA:  I mean, this cafe is very similar to the way it was, but there's a TV right there.   BOURDAIN:  Flat screen.   BAJALIA:  And that's why people -- a lot of people come here.  They come to watch soccer games.   BOURDAIN:  You can well imagine the American guy who's lived in Tangier for 30 years.  OK?  He comes in and there's a flat screen TV on the wall, he's like, what the --   BAJALIA:  Yes, what?   BOURDAIN:  You've ruined the authenticity and the integrity, but the Moroccan guy at the next table is like, wait a minute, wait a minute, asshole, do you have a flat screen TV at home?  I want one, too. What's wrong with that?   BAJALIA:  Yes.  There are people here who probably have never heard of (INAUDIBLE).   BOURDAIN:  Right.   BAJALIA:  If you only follow that, there's no progression, there's no progress, there's no change.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  The thing about Cafe Baba is just sitting here, taking in the atmosphere, you begin to appreciate the place.   BAJALIA:  There's something different is happening here.   BOURDAIN:  Contact high, whoa, I'm hungry.  Wait until the Spanish tortilla dude across the street opens for business.   This is Abdelileh.  He specializes in making one thing and he makes it well.  An omelet.  Well, it's actually more like a Spanish tortilla but like stonier.  The potatoes are boiled, diced, they're mixed with beaten eggs and cooked in a cast iron skillet.  Yes, the eggs, the eggman, I am me and we are you, and where is my omelet, dude, because I am hungry?   BAJALIA:  One, two, three?   BOURDAIN:  Abdelileh is just waiting for you right when you come stumbling out of Cafe Baba.  Coincidence or not?  You be the judge.   BAJALIA:  Ketchup and mayonnaise.  Everything.   BOURDAIN:  Ketchup and mayonnaise?  Sure, why not.  Condiment options I would be hard pressed to turn down at this precise moment anyway.   (On camera):  Dude, that's awesome.  I'll have 12 more.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Paul Bowles lived in Tangier for over 50 years, and Sherry Nutting was part of his inner circle through the end of his life.  She was his friend, record keeper of sorts, and photographer.   (On camera):  You arrived when?   SHERRY NUTTING:  I came in the '70s, but I went down to Marrakesh. Then in '86, I wrote a letter to Paul Bowles and said I had to meet him and take his picture.  And he wrote back and he said, come and visit.  Well, I never left.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  Like a lot of people came here to live that dream, or to live that life.  Has the reality come to resemble his perception of the reality or --   NUTTING:  The Tangier that I see is Paul Bowles.  And I still feel it. I still feel it.  You can still find the magic.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  The market or souk in Tangier is one of the best in all Morocco.  The food stalls and vendors are still pretty impressive.  Wander the markets long enough and you're sure to stumble across the unexpected.  Whose?  Sure.  How about a lancet?  Here nothing goes to waste.  Charbroiled to crispy burnt perfection the meat is scraped off and served on a crunchy lunch bread.   Not so adventurous, the Grant Socco's indoor market offers a variety of smoked, cured and fresh meat.   (On camera):  Smells good in here.  The stuff looks good.  I've heard this cheese is amazing.   NUTTING:  It's good.  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  Could I have one?   (Voice-over):  A Berber favorite, fresh goat cheese wrapped in palm leaves.   NUTTING:  Yes, they're beautiful, aren't they?   BOURDAIN:  It's good.   (Voice-over):  A little cheese, a little flatbread, the perfect Moroccan breakfast to go.  We're headed to the Jabala foothills of the Rif mountain range, about 85 kilometers south of Tangier, to a place called Jajouka.  The village is home to the people of the al-Sharif tribe, which loosely translated means the saintly people.   Jajouka is also home to one of Morocco's better-known musicians, Bachir Attar.  Jazz and rock and roll musicians have traveled from all over the world to Jajouka to meet this guy.  Bachir is part of a lineage of master musicians, all from this small mountain village.   Famously dubbed as a 4,000-year-old rock band by William Burroughs, Bashir, his son and these musicians maintain one of the oldest still living musical traditions on earth.   We're invited for dinner.  It's family style, of course, beginning with bray wine, like a kefta pocket.  Hand-formed envelopes of dough filled with seasoned beef, baked until golden, then crisped in oil.   (On camera):  I'm good for now -- well, one more.  Here we go.   (Voice-over):  The main event, Tagine of chicken.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Welcome, Tony.   BOURDAIN:  Thank you.  Just gorgeous.   (Voice-over):  First, chopped onions, garlic, parsley and turmeric are blended with olive oil.  The bird is generously coated and stuffed then after simmering in a touch of olive oil and water, the chicken is fried until crispy, served with roasted almonds and olives, paprika and ginger.  Nice.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  It smells the food.   BOURDAIN:  Like anywhere else in the Arab world, eating with your hands, always the right one, is proper dining etiquette.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  This is special spinach of Jajouka.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  These are wild spinach.  It grows in the mountains?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Yes.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Vocalized chopped mountain spinach.  Garlic, cilantro, hot and black peppers, finished with lemon and olive oil.   (On camera):  That's delicious.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  The greatest taste for food in the world, man.   BOURDAIN:  I love good food.  This is good.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Yes.   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  After dinner some fruit, some mint tea, and let the music begin.  For centuries, the master musician of Jajouka have been the musical choice of the royal families of Morocco, excused by the country's rulers from manual labor to devote themselves to musical training.   The powerful style of Sufi transmusic has inspired many music seekers, including, most notably perhaps, Paul Bowles, who wrote about them and recorded them, and spread the word.   Brian Jones was here and recorded "The Pipes of Pan at Jajouka" with these musicians.  The word spread, and the master musicians have ended up being featured on albums by Maceo Parker, Ornette Coleman, and the Rolling Stones.   For years, if you were a rock god, you had to come here, dig the crazy percussion and strings and pipes that took you to another place.  It's intricate, hypnotic, beautiful.  And if you're in the right frame of mind, mesmerizing.   (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Anyone who comes to Tangier inevitably ends up lost in the old part of the city.  The Medina is just what you want it to be.  The ancient world residing just next to and around the new one.  You can walk around inside the movie in your head, play the bogie character you never were, all against an all too willing, all too genuine backdrop.   Ordinarily just about the last thing in the world I'd be interested in doing is antiquing, but buried in the network of twisting narrow streets of the old city is Boutique Majid, owned and operated and personally curated by this man, Abedelmajid Rais El Fenni, and he's one interesting guy.   (On camera):  Thank you.   ABEDELMAJID RAIS EL FENNI, BOUTIQUE MAJID:  Come in.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  When he was a little kid back in the '60s, Majid left his hometown of Fez and came here, where he'd earned a few dirham a night emptying ashtrays at the wild and extravagant parties being thrown here by wealthy ex-pats.  He saw what these people would buy for themselves and how they decorate their homes.  And he started to look around for himself, scoring, then reselling art and antiques.   It became something of an obsession.  Now his artifacts from Morocco and all across northern Africa are bought by collectors from all over the world.  Carpets, antiques, wood carvings, jewelry, and old doors.   (On camera):  Wow, these are incredibly beautiful.   MAJID:  Tell me about that.  Amber, coral, shells.  These used to be currency in Tangier.   BOURDAIN:  How old is this?   MAJID:  This is early '20s, late '19s.  The amber is millions of years old.   BOURDAIN:  How much are you selling this piece for?   MAJID:  By weight.   BOURDAIN:  By weight.   MAJID:  Yes, it's quite heavy.  This one, 429 grams, so it comes like 42,000 dirhams.   BOURDAIN:  So that's how much in dollars?   MAJID:  Like almost $5,000.   BOURDAIN:  Above $5,000.   MAJID:  Almost.   BOURDAIN:  Should we look at another floor?   MAJID:  Oh, yes, follow me.  There's a nice collection of things from the Sahara.   BOURDAIN:  So you travel a lot?   MAJID:  Not like you.   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  Oh, this is for pounding (INAUDIBLE).   MAJID:  Yes, this is from the Gon tribe from Mali.   BOURDAIN:  How much will this sell for?   MAJID:  Around $300.   BOURDAIN:  Really?  For this?  That's very reasonable.   MAJID:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  I'll be buying that.  That's going to be an old friend.   MAJID:  Also memory.   BOURDAIN:  And a memory.   MAJID:  Of Tangier.   BOURDAIN:  Of Tangier as well.   (Voice-over):  Majid suggests lunch at Andalus, a local's only place nearby.   (On camera):  As a Moroccaner, so many Westerners who come to Tangier come with a romantic notion of the Tangier they read about in books. Do people have a realistic expectation when they come here?  Are they looking for Morocco?  Are they looking for phantasm?   MAJID:  It is a phantasm.  It is when you get here, you know Morocco, you feel that you are in Morocco, but you're not.  There's a lot of Mediterranean touch to this town.  And also the history, people hear stories about Tangier that was -- like when I first came in the '60s, everybody said to me you came late.  Tangier war.   BOURDAIN:  It's -- right.   MAJID:  Now I'm saying the same thing this young -- they come and they saw wow, I said.   BOURDAIN:  What was better about those days?   MAJID:  Well, for me at that time I was young, and it was the boom of hippies, and it was a destination, you know, Cafe Baba, you meet Bob Dylan, you go in and catch -- the parties was going on.  I miss these kind of parties.  People would fly from everywhere to the party, and they make the whole town move.  Blue and white party, white and gold party, hat party, you know, it's amazing.   You see people coming in with amazing hats, like a cage with a bird, extravagant hats, you know.  They put so much energy and time into these parties, you know?  Look at --  BOURDAIN:  Now that looks good.   (Voice-over):  Tomatoes brushed with local olive oil, garlic and coriander.  Liver kebabs, beef liver to be exact, grilled over charcoal.   (On camera):  That looks very nice.   (Voice-over):  For fish, a bit of swordfish and some orange roughy.   (On camera):  That is just beautiful.   MAJID:  How do you like the tomato?   BOURDAIN:  The swordfish is amazing.   MAJID:  Yes.   BOURDAIN:  So how else have things changed?   MAJID:  You saw how many tourists there was today?   BOURDAIN:  They were in a hurry.   MAJID:  If they come to the shop, even try to avoid you eye contact. If you get my eye contact, I'm going to rip you off --   BOURDAIN:  Or make you buy something that they don't want?   MAJID:  I don't know.  I don't know.  They have this --   BOURDAIN:  Do they buy?   MAJID:  They don't even say hello.   BOURDAIN:  They don't buy.   MAJID:  Of course.  We call them penguins.  They have short hands that doesn't get to the pockets.  No, I'm just kidding.    (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  When Tangier was Interzone back in the day, it seemed to some I'm sure as if the ex-pats outnumbered the locals. That was never true, but you certainly could live a life apart, make your own world within the existing one.  Reinvent yourself and live entirely within a universe of your own creation.   Far from the Grand Socco is a 14-acre estate owned by Christopher Gibbs, a well-known dealer of antiques and longtime ex-pat.  Today he's having a garden party.   Who's coming?  Jonathan, you know.  Maggie Dean is from Scotland. She's been living here for more than a decade.  GP (INAUDIBLE), a Frenchman who has his  hand on a lot of businesses, including a cafe in the Kasbah.  Years living in Tangier unknown.  Bianca Hamre (ph), an American, she's been here forever, led many lives, I gather, and occasionally translate books from Magrabi to English, and the dashing and mysterious Baron de Corcuera Gandarillas, an artist from Chile who's been living and working in the Kasbah since a hasty exit from Puerto Rico for reasons never fully explained.   On the menu, bastilla, a meat or often pigeon pie as traditional Moroccan as it gets.  Today made by Gibbs' full-time cooks, Jamilla and Fatama.  In bastilla, the meat on this particular day is chicken, which is slow-cooked in broth and spices, pulled or shredded, and then folded into an egg mixture cooked in a reduced stock from the boil. This is layered with blanched almonds, powdered sugar and cinnamon. And then the whole lot is then wrapped in a (INAUDIBLE), a crepe-like dough.  After baking to a golden crispiness, the final touch is a dusting of even more cinnamon and sugar.  It's got a sweet savory thing going on, and it's quite tasty.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  If you get nervous when you go in a room and you touch the light switch and the lights don't come on, you shouldn't be in this country.   BOURDAIN (on camera):  What was that first moment when you said, you know, I could live here?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  I'm still quite unsure about that.  I came here first in 1958.  When it was quite different.  Everyone wore native dress, but Islam still the throbbing motor of life here.  I have a very tender feelings for Morocco and the friendliness and courtesy of the people and its children who -- they say, bonjour, monsieur.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  I always feel welcome here.  I never consider that this is mine.  It's theirs and they have allowed me to live here in a very nice way, and I feel recognition.  They know who I am.  They know who I am.   BOURDAIN:  There is a side-by-side aspect to life here that's very unusual.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Very unusual here.  It's mostly -- you can do whatever you want if you do it with good manners.   BOURDAIN:  But it is sort of a station of the cross for, you know, bad boys of culture.  I mean, Rambo, the Stones, Guyson.  Burroughs writes about it.  He came here to be a writer.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  He was a junky before he's a writer.   BOURDAIN:  As so many of us were.  You want to think of yourself as a writer, you would come here and somehow you were working within a romantic tradition, Burroughs said right up front, to me a writer -- from when I was a little boy, a writer was a guy who lunged around in a smoking jacket or a caftan smoking a hash pipe or an opium pipe in a beautifully anointed house boat littered with sleeping boys.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Yes.   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Or girls.  (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  To what extent did that world exist and to what extent was that were created by people who showed up with that expectation?   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Since Bill departed, RIP, dear, wonderful, marvelous man, since he's gone, it's been tamed now.   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  It is tame.   BOURDAIN:  He was --   UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Genteel now.   BOURDAIN:  He was the very opposite of genteel.  He was an outlaw.   (CROSSTALK) UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  My husband knew him very well, and he was selling the yes, Bill, and I said, he said I cured him of being a drug addict.  I said how?  He said I turned him into an alcoholic.   (LAUGHTER) BOURDAIN:  Who smokes hashish at this table, please raise your hand?   UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Is the camera on?   (LAUGHTER) (COMMERCIAL BREAK) BOURDAIN (voice-over):  It's my last night in Tangier, and I'm headed out.  Most cities in the Islamic world getting a beer can be difficult.  Not here.  As long as you're outside the Medina, nearly anything goes.  Tangier reverts to its libertine past.  Here, Western influences become very apparent.   Any night of the week is good nights for young Moroccans to take to the streets of the Ville Nouveau.  Othman Noussairi is from a generation of Moroccans far removed from the romantic unseats of the Bowles-Burroughs era.  He's invited me out for a casual snack, bocadillas, Spanish-style sandwiches with tuna, veggies, hard-cooked eggs and a healthy wad of mayo, a crispy layer of French fries within the sandwich.   (On camera):  This is delicious, by the way.  The bread here is very good.  You work in magazine, journalist?   OTHMAN NOUSSAIRI, OWNER, URBAN MAGAZINE:  I'm not a journalist, but I own an urban magazine here in Tangier.  To inform Moroccans, we are living in a place that's pretty special, it's not for any purpose that William Burroughs or Paul Bowles or Henri Matisse, all these people came to Tangier.  The city has something which makes it different from other cities.  BOURDAIN:  Well, what about young artists, young writers, young musicians?  Did they come here expecting this romantic Paul Bowles wonderland of the '50s?   NOUSSAIRI:  Some were.  Some were -- I'm going to say too Bohemian.   BOURDAIN:  Too Bohemian.   NOUSSAIRI:  Yes.  Because they thought that's like, you know, coming and being an artist.   BOURDAIN:  Is going to be enough.   NOUSSAIRI:  Is going to be enough.  Today it's not enough.   BOURDAIN:  Right.  Yes.   NOUSSAIRI:  It's pretty tough for them, and most of them packed their bags.   BOURDAIN:  Right.   NOUSSAIRI:  Today we have so many investments going on here in Tangier, thanks to our king.  Investors are here.  Have attracted -- tourists are attracted, but the most important part of it is that we should keep the old parts of the city intact.  The Kasbah, the Medina.  BOURDAIN:  The Medina.   NOUSSAIRI:  That's was hard to do because when you have a European purchasing power coming over here to Tangier --   BOURDAIN:  They come, well, like we come.  We embrace it.  Other people want to come, and then we roll out.  Will Tangier's unique character survive?   NOUSSAIRI:  I hope so.  I really hope so.   BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Tangier is Morocco.  Always was Morocco and recently the country's leadership has embraced it, in all its ill- reputed glory.  The days of predatory poets in search of literary inspiration and young flesh are probably over for good.  Hippies can just as easily get their bong riffs in Portland or Peoria, but the good stuff, the real good stuff, the sounds and smells and the look of Tangier, but you see and hear when you lean out the window and take it all in, that's here to stay.        ANTHONY BOURDAIN, HOST (voice-over):  Chances are you haven't been to this place.  Chances are this is a place you've never seen. Other than maybe blurry cell phone videos, old black-and-white newsreels from World War II.  Chances are bad things were happening in the footage you saw.        Myanmar, after 50 years of nightmare, something unexpected is happening here, and it's pretty incredible.        In Yangon, the capital city of Myanmar, it's dark.  Blackouts are frequent, with the ancient power grid.  But sources of light there are in the street cast an eerie yellow-orange hue.  For almost 100 years under British rule, this was Rangoon.  In 1948 after helping the British fight off the Japanese, and with the new taste for self- determination, the country gained independence.        After a decade of instability, however, the military consolidated power and never let go.  Elections?  They came and went.  The results ignored, opposition punished, or silenced entirely.        Burma, now Myanmar, where Orwell had once served as a colonial policeman, where he'd first grown to despise the apparatus of a security state, became more Orwellian than even he could have imagined.  A nation where even having an opinion could be dangerous.        BARACK OBAMA, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:  I am very honored to be here at this university and to be the first president of the United States of America to visit your country.        BOURDAIN:  Morning in Yangon, to nearly everyone's surprise, there have been some huge changes in recent months.        AUNG SAN SUU KYI, HUMAN RIGHTS ACTIVIST:  Difficult time in any transition is when we think that success is in sight.        BOURDAIN:  Nobel Prize-winning democracy champion, Aung San Suu Kyi, for nearly 15 years under house arrest, was released, and is now taking an active part in politics.        Just as the the doors are opening, my crew and I are among the first to record what has been unseen for decades by most of the world. Meanwhile, this Southeast Asian country of 80 million people is collectively holding its breath, waiting to see what's next, and will this loosening of government grip last?        Of course, morning in Yangon has always been about tea.  It's black Indian-style tea, usually with a thick dollop of sweetened condensed milk.  You want it sweet, less sweet, very sweet?  Strong? Less strong?  Everybody's got a preference, everybody's got a preferred tea shop, where they know presumably how you like yours.        THIHA SAW, JOURNALIST:  I want only last week a bit strong.        BOURDAIN:  Journalist and publisher Thiha Saw, we meet at the Seit Taing Kya tea shop.        SAW:  Anything could happen in a tea shop.  This place means a lot of things.  Not just a place to grab some snacks.        BOURDAIN:  For 50 years of paranoia and repression, teahouses were also the main forum for guarded and not-so guarded discussions of the daily news, where you tried to piece together the real stories behind the ludicrously chopped and censored newspapers.  But carefully, of course, because informers and secret police were also heavily represented in these hotbeds of sedition and discontent.        (On camera):  So given your profession, how have you managed to stay out of prison all of these years?        SAW:  No, I was there.        BOURDAIN:  Really?  How long?        SAW:  Two times.        BOURDAIN:  Two times.        SAW:  Once special Burma Police called me, hey, U Thiha Saw, would you please come into the office?  We need to talk.        BOURDAIN:  Right.        SAW:  So I went over there, and -- I was there 89 days in prison. It was a very serious control that came with the first government.        BOURDAIN:  Right.        SAW:  First scrutiny and registration so --        BOURDAIN:  That doesn't sound good.        SAW:  And take a look at everything.  They say, take this out, take it down or black this out, or just take the whole story out.        BOURDAIN:  Magazines that would come into the country would -- they'd cut, literally cut out the pieces?        SAW:  People under this kind of tight censorship, it will become more, I think, creative.  Take a look, careful reading, something between the lines.        BOURDAIN:  Right.        SAW:  Know it is.        BOURDAIN:  Well, something you were accused of, sending secret messages?        (Voice-over):  In the back, a cauldron of salty little fish bubble over hardwood coals.  Fingers work mountains of sweet bean, one of the fillings for the variety of pastries that are stuffed, shaped and put into an old wood stove oven.        In another corner, the heartening slap of fresh bread pressed against the clay wall of a tandoori and of course eggs bobs and spins in the magical held broth of fish, spice and herb.        (On camera):  Mohinga?  This I must have.  Correct me if I'm wrong, if there's a national dish, a fundamental most beloved fish, would it be -- would it be this?        SAW:  Yes, you take a look at all this stuff.  These is Indian, these are Chinese, et cetera, but then mohinga is a local thing.  And it's probably found in the city but also in the rural areas, too. It's fish based with some rice or noodles, sometimes we put in some crispies, like fried beans, or fried (INAUDIBLE).  So these are some coriander leaves.        BOURDAIN:  Yes.        SAW:  And some lime.        BOURDAIN:  Sprinkle some in here.  Good textures.  Particularly in the light of Obama's recent visit, these are interesting times. Significant changes for the first time in 50 years.        SAW:  Yes.  That's one thing that's quite significant.  You take a look around, all kinds of people, all age groups.  I think a couple of years ago, people would be talking about politics, you toned down.        BOURDAIN:  Right.        SAW:  And you (INAUDIBLE).  But nowadays, people are just more outspoken.  The government is much more open.  They also are relaxing the rules about censorship.  August 20th, we were called into the PSRD office, many publishers and editors, and the director general of the (INAUDIBLE), the boss, OK, 48 years and 20 days of censorship is gone. That's it.        BOURDAIN:  Feel good?        SAW:  Yes.  That's what we've been waiting for so many years.        BOURDAIN:  I love the answer.  It's a careful yes.        SAW:  Yes.  First people in the country, we have some doubt about it.  OK, is it real?  The changes and the reforms?  But as now it's about a couple of years.  And then now people starting to believe, OK, maybe it's real.  The process is still very young, but it's still possible.  When the generals stop and say, OK, enough and enough, let's turn back or let's stop.  I'm optimistic about the changes and the reforms.  But you're still cautiously optimistic.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  In Yangon, motor bikes are outlawed.  Why is a matter of much rumor and speculation, so it's the bus for me. Something seems almost out of sync.  Not too long ago, even filming here officially as an open professional Western film crew, would have been unthinkable.        In 2007, a Japanese journalist was shot point-blank and killed filming a street demonstration.  Be seen talking to anybody with a camera and there would likely be a knock on your door in the middle of the night.  Yet so far confronted with our cameras, a few smiles, and mostly indifference at worst, shocking considering how recently the government has started to relax its grip.        MA THANEGI, LOCAL FOOD WRITER:  We love to eat.  And don't forget for 15 years, we were under two dictatorships, and officially under socialism.  There were not a lot of things to do.  But you know, cook and get shampoo and eat.        BOURDAIN:  This is Ma Thanegi, a famous and very controversial figure in public life.        (On camera):  Myanmar or Burma?        MA THANEGI:  Myanmar, because that's the original name since the 13th century.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  This Ma Thanegi, like U Thiha Saw, has also spent time in prison.  But emerging after three years, she became in the minds of many an apologist for the regime.  Fairly or not, I leave to others.        MA THANEGI:  Sometimes, outside, I just act as if, you know, it's only after the military junta went away that, you know, things happen, especially with the state like (INAUDIBLE).        BOURDAIN:  But her many well-known books on the culinary traditions of Myanmar make her a compelling advocate for Burmese cuisine.        (On camera):  So you're very passionate about the cooking and the cuisine here and the --        MA THANEGI:  Of course.  It's just that I like to eat.  And I eat like a pig.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  This is Yangon's Feel restaurant.        MA THANEGI:  Salads I think are the best of our food.  I'm going to order a lot of salads you haven't had.  You know, it's good to be like sort of a tasting thing.        BOURDAIN:  It was pig head salad with kaffir lime leaf, long beans salad with sesame and fish sauce.  Penny leaf salad, even this salad of Indian-style samosa.        (On camera):  Everything is out there at the same time.        MA THANEGI:  Yes.        BOURDAIN:  No first court or second course?        MA THANEGI:  No.  No, no, no.  If I'm invited to a friend's house, the table would be covered with dishes.        BOURDAIN:  Right.        MA THANEGI:  Covered.        BOURDAIN:  And it's really about the interaction between a lot of colors, textures and flavors in one dish or --        MA THANEGI:  Different.        BOURDAIN:  Different.        MA THANEGI:  Yes.        BOURDAIN:  Wow, I'm in love.  That's good.        MA THANEGI:  Yes.  Thank you.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  And of course, there's the maddeningly delicious condiments and pickles of which to make each dish your own.        MA THANEGI:  You make a lot of different combinations with each mouthful.        BOURDAIN (on camera):  This is something very confusing in general in this part of the world, everyone eats everything differently to very much to their taste.        MA THANEGI:  Anything goes.        BOURDAIN:  Anything goes.        MA THANEGI:  Every mouthful, you can make a different flavor.        (COMMERCIAL BREAK)      BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Credit cards accepted almost nowhere. Cash machines, uh-uh.  Wifi?  Internet?  Rare.  3G , you've got to be kidding.  If you need to exchange money here, only crisp, absolutely new $100 bills accepted.  In Myanmar, it's another older world.        Oh, and what's up with this?        (On camera):  With all kissing sounds, that smooching, kissing, you know, sound that you're hearing all over the place?  My wife would have been in like 10 fights so far.  Sorry, who are you smooching at? Bitch.        (Voice-over):  This is how you summon a waiter in Myanmar.  I know.  I know.  Try that at Hooters, and you would be rightly ejected. It takes some getting used to, for sure.        (INAUDIBLE) is a big noisy seafood house where fished prepared in the style of Yakan, the coastal province to the west named for the Yakan people.  One of over 135 distinct ethnic groups around here.        (On camera):  See, now we're talking.  Prawn curry is one of those -- one of those things that we're told you've got to eat here. Prawns from the river, then tomato curry.  Try this.  Good sauce. That's good.  That is some good shit, my friends.  We shall know them by the number of their dead.        (Voice-over):  Early morning in Yangon.  Among the crush of commuters, shoppers, people trying to make a living, rise up the last remnants of empire.  Faded, often crumbling, but still there after all these years.  These are the offices, businesses, and public buildings of the British colonials.        The Sofaer building was once one of the swankest department stores in Rangoon.  A century ago in Kipling's poem, "Mandalay," was beckoning the over-heated imaginations of a generation of young Englishmen.  Here you could buy fine Egyptian cigarettes, French liqueurs.  The floor tiles were shipped over from Manchester.        Now people live here.  A half centuries of a pariah state has left very few of these buildings in good repair.  And there are divergent views on whether to preserve them.  For many a reminder of colonial subjugation, for others, a vest inch of a golden time.        These days in Myanmar in the streets, on the docks, it's all about moving forward.  In an economy ripe to explode if things continue trending in their current direction, the busy hustle and bustle of Yangon's port appears even busier today as workers prepare for the oncoming holiday.        PHILIP LAJAUNIE, FRIEND:  Hey, Chef.  How are you doing?        BOURDAIN:  It figures, doesn't it?        LAJAUNIE:  It does.  Welcome to Myanmar.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Philip Lajaunie, owner and proprietor of my old restaurant Les Halles.        (On camera):  It seems only natural that you'd be in Burma, Myanmar at the same time as me.        (Voice-over):  Back before anything, before I wrote the book that changed my life from broke ass utility grave chef to whatever it is I am today, I'd never been to Asia until this guy sent me to Japan, and got me hooked on a continent.        LAJAUNIE:  There we go.        BOURDAIN (on camera):  Oh, nice.  Chicken head, yes.        LAJAUNIE:  That is the perfect mood awakener.       BOURDAIN:  Yes.        (Voice-over):  Philip travels constantly.  He's been bouncing around Asia for decades.  Like all good travelers he's relentlessly curious, and without fear or prejudice.        LAJAUNIE:  It's fantastic.        BOURDAIN:  It makes perfect sense then that over cold brew and chicken necks in the port of Yangon, Philip is the one joining me to explore this particular moment in Myanmar.        LAJAUNIE:  That's the (INAUDIBLE).        BOURDAIN (on camera):  It is going to be a party.        LAJAUNIE:  Yes.        BOURDAIN:  Full moon party tonight.        (CROSSTALK)      What's that means, we have no idea.        LAJAUNIE:  We don't know.  There's only one way to find out, I suppose.  It sounds like a party.        BOURDAIN:  It gets crazy from now on.        (Voice-over):  It's Kason Day, Full Moon Day, a holiday marking the end of the rainy season.  And today marks the beginning of three days of breakout the crazy.  Giant speakers compete for attention. Everybody cheerfully oblivious to the distortion.  Cotton candy, trinkets, tube socks, just like a New York street fair, but with infinitely better food.        (On camera):  These are the little birds?        LAJAUNIE:  Yes.  These guys are really good.  Just flying -- this morning.        BOURDAIN:  I'll tell you, it's the backbone of every street fair in the world, isn't it?  Deep fried food.        LAJAUNIE:  That's right.  And here they also have the little butter where they break a quail egg in it.  One shot, it's pretty good.  All right.  This is so tasty.  Much greasy than I thought it would be.  And quite delicate.        BOURDAIN:  Anytime you tell me crispy little bird, I'm all over it.        LAJAUNIE:  Good beak, too.        BOURDAIN:  Good beak.        LAJAUNIE:  Crispy and tender.        BOURDAIN:  Oh, and they have rides.        (Voice-over):  Check this out.  OK.  It's a Ferris wheel, but the power source, not unusual for these parts, is not electric, it ain't gas.        (On camera):  Oh, man, are you kidding me?        (Voice-over):  It's human power.        LAJAUNIE:  Yes.  See it to believe it.        BOURDAIN:  An absolutely insanely dangerous closely choreographed process of first getting the the giant heavily laden wheel in motion and then getting it up to top speed and keeping it there.        (On camera):  Wow.  Look at this thing tilting out, too.        LAJAUNIE:  Another break.  Then it goes the other way.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Note the footwear, by the way.  And it's not just this one, every coming blocks bigger and bigger Ferris wheels, each one with its own troupe of acrobatic spinners.  For sure, going for a ride is tempting, but --        (On camera):  CNN host implicated in death of four underage carnies.  The thing just came off the hinges the next thing you know it's rolling down the street and sending those kids flying.  If I had any idea, I never would have taken the ride, says Bourdain.  No, I don't think so.        (Voice-over):  Hard making a buck, but again and again, the seats are loaded with smiling families, the team climbs aboard and the circus begins again.        (On camera):  Good luck, may you return safely with all of your limbs intact.        (COMMERCIAL BREAK)      BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Next day in the Full Moon Festival. Whether you're looking out the window at a rural village or at the streets of Yangon, what's happening is probably pretty similar, a tableau of dancing, body painting, car mounted speakers blasting.  But it's also three days of merit accruing, the practice of performing charitable or otherwise good works in the hopes of jacking up your karma.        Money trees are paraded around, pinwood cash donations for months.  Free banquets and feasts are held.  And many moments of spiritual reflection.  The majority of people here practice Tera Vata Buddhism, the oldest, most conservative form of the religion, which simply puts, asserts that existence is pretty much a continuous cycle of suffering through birth, death and rebirth.        (On camera):  Noisy.        ZARNI BO, ACTIVIST/LOCAL ASTROLOGER:  Very noisy.  Very noisy, yes.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  The Morning Star Teahouse where I've come, well, for a couple of reasons.  Reason one, the must-have bone deep, old school favorite around here, La Pet Tuk.  The salad of fermented tea leaves.  I know, that does not sound good, but you'd be wrong to think that.        Take the fermented tea leaves, add cabbage, tomatoes, lots and lots of crunchy bits like toasted peanuts, season with lime and fish sauce.        (On camera):  This is absolutely delicious.        ZARNI BO:  You like it?        BOURDAIN:  Oh, yes.  It's fantastic.        ZARNI BO:  Yes, yes, fantastic.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Simple, delicious, things not to be taken for granted if you've been in and out of the joint like this guy, Zarni Bo, activist, astrologer and three times convict.        (On camera):  You know, everyone I've met in this country so far, in fact, has been to prison.        ZARNI BO:  Yes.  This happens again and again for us in Myanmar.        BOURDAIN:  For almost six years?        ZARNI BO:  Six years.  Nearly six years.  All the judgments are made by the kangaroo court and navy, army, and the air force.  These three officials sitting all together, they read off, this is your sentence.        BOURDAIN:  Right.        ZARNI BO:  It happens only minutes, like that.        BOURDAIN:  What is life like inside prison?        ZARNI BO:  Nice, nice, very nice.        BOURDAIN:  I have a hard time believing that.        ZARNI BO:  Very nice.  We can talk to each other, you know, say something, use a mirror to look at each other.        BOURDAIN:  Access to books?        ZARNI BO:  No books.  No writing things, no paper.  No, nothing at all.  A mat and a blanket and a plate and a bowl.        BOURDAIN:  Right.        ZARNI BO:  Only these are things that we possess.        BOURDAIN:  How is the food?        ZARNI BO:  Think about that.        BOURDAIN:  The food in prison?        ZARNI BO:  Soup.  Rice with pea soup.  Only one meat meal for a week.  That's on Thursday.  You know that in prison, in ancient prison, all the fishes -- nobody, only the head and the tail.  No middle part.        (LAUGHTER)      BOURDAIN:  So there is hope for this country, in your view.  Yes?       ZARNI BO:  Yes, yes.  Especially with the Buddhists believe how to live in situations, dictators, political passion, or even discrimination, everything is happening to us, but the Buddhists say, OK, that's a past life now, even if you do something, you can make something really good.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  There's something pretty cool about meeting people who have been for so long unable to speak.  Now so unguarded about their hopes and their feelings.        Sizzling meats, the clink of beer glasses, ringing bicycle bells. This is Yangon's 19th Street.  Does Yangon rock?  Can it rock?        DARKO, LEAD SINGER, SIDE EFFECT ROCK BAND:  Nine years, really like a must-go place when you are in Yangon.        BOURDAIN:  Meet Burmese punk rockers Side Effect, and lead singer Darko.        DARKO:  You can come here any time.  There will be lots of people like here.        BOURDAIN (on camera):  So if you sit here long enough, you'll see every musician in town?        (LAUGHTER)      DARKO:  Yes, you can say that.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  The citywide curfews used to mean close your doors at 11:00 p.m.  Most shops and restaurants still close early but not here on 19th Street, where you can eat barbecue late into the night.        (On camera):  Wow.  What do we have here?  Grilled tofu?        UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  This is pork tail.        BOURDAIN:  Pork tail.  Yes.  This is barbecue is awesome.        (Voice-over):  These young men show exactly how determined you've got to be to rock, especially in Burma.        DARKO:  I like to say my early influence was Nirvana, and then (INAUDIBLE), and stuff like that.        BOURDAIN (on camera):  What American bands do you hate?        DARKO:  Creed.        BOURDAIN:  Yes.        DARKO:  Yes.        BOURDAIN:  They are like the worst band in the history of, like, the world.  So what's it like having an indie band in Myanmar? Difficult?        DARKO:  For sure, sure.  Yes.  Before you record a song, so you know like when you've got the lyrics, you have to submit the lyrics, so they're going to censor it, they're going to check it.  And even sometimes they will, you know, suggest to you some words to change.        BOURDAIN:  That must be funny.        DARKO:  Very funny, I'll tell you, you know.        BOURDAIN:  Now is that still the case?        DARKO:  No, it's not like that any more.  They're not going to censor you, but it's going to be kind of risky.  You don't know what's going to happen to you if you write and sing something wrong.        BOURDAIN:  So let me ask this.  If all your dreams came true, where would you want to play?        DARKO:  Really?  New York City.        BOURDAIN:  You want to go to New York City?        DARKO:  Yes.  My dream is to be strong, so that's why -- what I'm -- what I keep telling my band mates.  Come on, be strong.  Have faith.        BOURDAIN:  I hope people reach out to you.  Because making roll and roll is hard enough.  A truly independent rock and roll is even harder.  And I'm guessing that making it here is harder still.  So, gentlemen, you deserve some success.  People should hear you.        DARKO:  Yes.        (COMMERCIAL BREAK)      LAJAUNIE:  So you hear the sleeping car lost a wheel.        BOURDAIN (on camera):  The what?        LAJAUNIE:  The sleeping car lost a wheel.  And the dining car so we get --        BOURDAIN:  No, we lost the dining car, I hear.        LAJAUNIE:  We lost the dining car, but even our original sleeping car lost a wheel.  So we just have to hope for the best.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  The Night Express to Bagan.  Six hundred kilometers of what will turn out to be kidney-softening travel by rail, but Bagan, Myanmar's ancient capital, I've been told, is a must- see.        LAJAUNIE:  The true old English experience.  The engine is a French engine from the '70s.        BOURDAIN:  We've been told it's a somewhat uncomfortable 10-hour trip.        (On camera):  So really the question on this end of the journey is come back on the train or flying coffin?        (Voice-over):  Mishaps on both Burmese planes and trains are not, shall we say, unheard of.        (On camera):  The widow-maker express.        LAJAUNIE:  That is the choice.  That may be the signal to depart at some point.        BOURDAIN:  Yes.  All aboard.  Whoa.  We're moving.  Here we go.        LAJAUNIE:  Here we go.  That's it.  We are at cruising speed.        BOURDAIN:  Really?  This is cruising speed?  We can literally outrun this thing.        LAJAUNIE:  We could.  Jog ahead, have a nice meal in some, you know, recommended restaurant.        BOURDAIN:  We could catch up with it.        LAJAUNIE:  With a digestive walk.  Here we go.  This is stop number one of 75.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Heading north, the scenery opens up.  The space between things gets wider, more pastoral, and more beautiful. Looking around at my fellow passengers, it could be hard to distinguish between the 135-plus ethnic groups that make up the Burmese population.  The very name, Burma, refers actually to only one of these groups.        What they all seem to have in common, however, is a tonika, a face paint in sun block made from tree bark that masks many of their faces.  It's ubiquitous here.  At first jarring to see, it quickly becomes something you get used to and take for granted.         Yangon's gravitational pull broken, and with darkness falling, the train picks up speed.  At times terrifyingly so.        LAJAUNIE:  If this thing is going to derail at some point.  They have lost how many wheels yesterday?  On this one train?  So truly it's about being in the right car, the one that keeps its wheels.        BOURDAIN:  Derailments or rail splits, as they are referred to here, is somewhat more benign sounding occurrence that say rolling off the tracks into a rice paddy, are not uncommon.  And one can't help wondering what the engineer and conductor are thinking as the train speeds heedlessly on faster and faster.        LAJAUNIE:  I mean, it must be, what, like 40, 50 miles per hour at this point.        BOURDAIN (on camera):  I wonder if anyone has ever flown right out of their seat out the window.        LAJAUNIE:  (INAUDIBLE), sure.        BOURDAIN:  You don't want to be, like, holding a lab dog.        LAJAUNIE:  Or a baby or anything.  I mean.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Try pissing in the bathroom and find yourself launched straight up into the ceiling, bringing to a rude conclusion what was already an omni-directional experience.        (On camera):  It's smooth now.  It's very relaxing.        LAJAUNIE:  What kind of beer did you have?  I want the same.        (COMMERCIAL BREAK)      LAJAUNIE:  One thousand?        UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  One thousand.        LAJAUNIE:  OK.  Done.  Well, this is breakfast.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Nearly 19 hours into our 10-hour trip and the Night Express to Bagan lurches and bounces onward over old and poorly maintained track.        (On camera):  And fly back to New York for breakfast.        LAJAUNIE:  I have time.        BOURDAIN:  What's in yours?        LAJAUNIE:  Carrots.        BOURDAIN:  Potato.        LAJAUNIE:  How do you make good pretty.  Look at this, a bouquet of fish.  Indeed.  This is it.  This is the plain of Bagan.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Out the window, the modern world seems to fade away, then disappear all together, like the last century never happened, or even the century before that.  We're traveling across the largest mainland nation in Southeast Asia.  But it should be pointed out that we are still within the confines of the tourist triangle. Areas permissible for travel.        Whole sectors of this country, much of it, in fact, are off- limits.  Simply put, there is shit going on they do not want you to see.  A low intensity conflict with the ethnic Kachin tribe would be one of them.  A wave of persecution and death in the Thu Kine state. The country may be opening up at its center but all along the edges is waging a desperate war to hang on to the status quo.  Needless to say, the status quo is not good.        LAJAUNIE:  All right.  Bagan, here we come.        BOURDAIN:  A thousand years ago Bagan was the capital for a long line of Burma kings.  It's the sort of place where the old coexists with the even older.  As elsewhere in this part of the world, in many of the Buddhist temples here far older animist, spirit-based beliefs coexist with more recent Buddhism.        And in Myanmar, worship of the gnats is wide spread.  Nat, as I understand it, are more like Greek gods, formed as humans, demigods, spirits, often with very human qualities and failings.        Dance performances pay homage to the individual nats, performers claiming to actually channel them, bringing about, one hopes, a beneficial spiritual possession.  But I'm not just here for a nat pue (ph).  I have a list.  Things to eat in Myanmar.  And this is one of them.  Chicken curry.  And from roadside joints like this nestled among the temple ruins, you're more than likely to catch a very enticing whiff.        (On camera):  Just delicious.  Spicy, but not to the point that you want to scream out for mercy, but (INAUDIBLE).        (Voice-over):  Slow simmered curry served with a side of sour soup made from rozelle leaves.  With it, you get fried ground chillis, pickled bean sprouts, you get the idea.        (On camera):  These relishes, these dippy type things, it's like really interesting salad, but I'm not that really a salad guy.  The salads here are -- they're happening.  Spicy, sour, salty, savory, just delicious.  Delicious.  A plethora of textures and flavors.        Thought a lot of their food.  Clearly light thing, like meeting people.  Think a lot about those (INAUDIBLE) thousands of flavors, colors, and textures.  The best restaurant in the country so far, by the way.        (COMMERCIAL BREAK)      DON LEMON, CNN ANCHOR:  I'm Don Lemon.  Here are your headlines this hour.        John Kerry again offers open talks to North Korea on their nuclear program, but only if they make the first move.  Kerry's in Tokyo right now.  A North Korean government statement called the offer an American trick.  It's still anyone's guess if the North Koreans are going to launch a missile in the coming hours or days.        A former lawman is being held on a $3 million bond in Texas. Eric Williams used to be a Justice of the Peace in Kaufman County. That's where two prosecutors were shot dead in recent weeks.  Deputies went to Williams' house with a search warrant, tied to the murders and arrested him.  They are not saying if Williams' arrest is directly connected to the case.        Australian Adam Scott won the Masters Golf Tournament today in a sudden death playoff with Argentina's Angel Cabrera.  Scott sank a 12- foot birdie putt on the second playoff hole to capture the first major title.  He's the first Australian ever to win the Masters.  Tiger Woods finished tied for four -- fourth, four strokes back.        Those are your headlines this hour.  I'm Don Lemon, keeping you informed, CNN, the most trusted name in news.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  You'd expect this, an ancient city of nearly unparalleled size and beauty to be overrun with tourists, souvenir shops, snack bars, tours on tape, but, no.        LAJAUNIE:  Oh, this is stunning.        BOURDAIN:  You'll encounter some Western travelers at Bagan's temple sites for sure, but generally speaking they are a hardy bunch. Even the bus tours here are not for the feint of heart or weak of spirit.  But for the most part you're far more likely to bump into a goat than a foreigner.        LAJAUNIE:  This is so beautiful, so much like an ode to human, you know, beliefs and adoration and worshipping and --        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  Slave labor.        LAJAUNIE:  And slave labor.        BOURDAIN:  I'm thinking you build these many temples, thousands of them in a relatively short period of time, chances are, somebody was working for less than minimum wage, let's put it that way.        LAJAUNIE:  For sure.  We could fly here.  Look at that.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  A millennia ago in a period of just under 250 years, over 4,000 structures like this were built here.  They say that a Burma king, Anawrahta, began this project after a conversion to Tera Vata style Buddhism.        (On camera):  They started a new temple like every 14 days.        (Voice-over):  Over 3,000 pagodas, temples and monasteries remain today.  Inside almost every one of them, a Buddha figure, each one different.        LAJAUNIE:  And I like how integrated it is with the trees, pastures.        BOURDAIN (on camera):  Actually, funny you should mention that. People used to live here, but the government came along in the '80s I believe and relocated.  It was a mass relocation project so any homes, anything, it was understood that this is a good, you know, just a tourist bucks here.  They've relocated the entire population.        We're in one of the first mass waves of tourists.  European tourists have been coming here in relatively small numbers for a long time, but the floodgates have certainly opened.  They are building hotels like crazy around this area, what's called a tourist triangle.        LAJAUNIE:  What is this here?  This is a nice color.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  As Myanmar begins its shift towards accommodating increasing tourism and a service economy to go with it, there will be adjustments.  There will be, of course, a downside.        UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  How might you pay?        BOURDAIN (on camera):  What's that going to mean?  How will Burmese react to all the good and the evils that come with tourism?        UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  OK, Mister, what about you?  You buy one? OK.        LAJAUNIE:  Perfect.        BOURDAIN:  It's going to mean mobility, it's going to mean prosperity for some.  It will mean a lot of bad things, too.  It will mean prostitution.  It will mean hustling.        UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  OK.        (CROSSTALK)      UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Buy one for the children.        LAJAUNIE:  OK.  And you too.        UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  Everybody is selling to you.  You buy plenty.  You buy plenty.  But you don't postcard.  That's not fair. You buy postcard.        LAJAUNIE:  But I don't need the postcard.        BOURDAIN (voice-over):  We're told the kids are dropping out of school to do this.  The double-edged sword of the service economy.        UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  You want to buy postcard for only $5, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10.        BOURDAIN (on camera):  What I'm amazed is how friendly and open people are with us, and it's very easy for me to sit here and say whatever I want about the government, right?  Me can go home, you know.  Our lives will go on.  We don't pay the price for that show. Everybody who helped us could very well pay that price.        It should be pointed out that a lot of people did not.  A lot of people were very nice to us but said, look, I just -- I've already been in jail, you know.  I really don't want to go back.  It's a very real concern what happens to the people we leave behind.  You know, one would think you can't win's one freedom, you know, they have tasted freedom.  Well, you know, you can't put the toothpaste back in the tube, you know.  There's no doubt about that.        (Voice-over):  But for the moment at least things seem to be moving in the right direction, a country closed off to most for so long, sleeping, a 50-year nightmare for many of its citizens, finally, may be waking up.  To what?  Time will tell.   