
I love to stroke my thick cock and cum on pictures (actual photos or on the computer screen) and panties from real women in Chicago. I'm in the Lakeview/Lincoln Park area, but you can be anywhere in the city or the suburbs.

If you're a sexy woman and the idea of a sexy man jerking off to your photos and/or panties gets you HOT, let's make it happen. Send your pictures. And I'll take pictures (or video) of me stroking my cock and cumming on your photos, then send them back to you. I'm tall, handsome, sexy and well hung with a nice, thick cock.

And if you're a guy and you want me to do this with your wife or girlfriend's photos/panties, let's do it!

P.S. ~ I'm very real and ready to do this. The Bulls are playing the Bucks at the United Center tonight.

ISO of a very attractive lady who is open to traveling with a nice but quiet gentlemen to the beautiful islands of Greece.

Hello, I'ma 25 year old fella just searching online CL (wrong place) for casual arrangements, could be hang out partners (bring your friends and connect with my friends) or just solo, you and I, bars, arcades, ya know!. I am in fact black, the light skin version haha, but I'm open to multiple races and a wide age range. I do reside on the west side of Chicago. If you want to know more feel free to e-mail me through this post or ask for my number, your choice, and yes I am REAL. Haha (insider),

HellO :) 
Would You Like to Come Over and Have a Great Time with Me?
I'm a Very Sexy and Passable Cd Latin Gurl, I'm 22 years old, 5'3ft and 130lbs 7"c Vers.
I'm Offering a Full Body Nude Deep Tissue Massage with Mutual Touching/Play If Desired.
I Can Host or Travel. Looking for Now ......... send Pics and Stats for Response! 

You want future historians to know that you didn't vote for Barack Obama? WOW, look at allllll the people who give a fuck!!! THEY'RE JUST FALLING FROM THE SKY!!!


Is there anyone in this city who would enjoy having an older father figure in their life with a goal for developing a solid friendship? Ideally, you're in the age range of 25-38, intelligent, honest and sincere. If you're not serious or just looking for sex or "generosity", please don't reply. Also, no one that is currently in a committed relationship of any type. Thanks.


I'm available tonight and looking to suck.

Me: Ddf neg fit HWP GL
You: inshape Ddf neg hung

I'm looking to travel or host

Looking if ad is posted

Hey just in the mood to makeout tonite. Want to feel like high school kids again and have a pretty amazing makeout session. Im a great kisser, funny, sarcastic, and pretty awesome...

So lets chat and see if we want to meet up...

South shore area 872 looking for a single man, I am Dominican, 5'5 ", good looking, with shoulder length blonde hair 803 I'm in search of somebody unmarried. If you get in touch with me then I would request that you include a picture of your face and body 2027 pics !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
