I wish there was an option for 0 stars, because that is what I would really like to give them.  Let me begin by saying I was coming off a fairly annoying week when I arrived at LaGuardia Friday evening and went to pick up my bag.  I'm a frequent traveler and have lived in NYC, so I am very familiar with having to wait for luggage at LaGuardia, but this was ridiculous.  Long story short, several people on our flight did not get their luggage, me included.  Problem was that we waited around for 2 hours to either get our bags or get some answers and file a lost bag report, but even that was too challenging for their staff.  

They literally just looked me in the eye and ignored me when I asked them a question.  Apparently that was easier than admitting to their shortcomings. 

They wouldn't take lost bag reports and wouldn't give us any answers other than they were "short-staffed".  You know what?  That's not my problem.  I have a bone to pick with American Airlines as well, but I'll save that for another review.  I still don't have my bag by the way.  Of course, now I'm back home in Chicago and it's 4 days later.  I literally have no idea where it is.  If really bad customer service is what you want, look no further than this airport.  It will get you ready for a fight.
Outside of Midway, this is the most depressing airport I've ever been too. There is a small food court on the ground floor, but besides that, once you get through security (at least for the gate that I was going to) there were two food choices: Auntie Diana's Pretzel stand and some gourmet food stand that had pre-made food that looked like it had been sitting there for weeks.....

Not that it's the airports fault, but I got there super early (4:35) for a 7:03 flight going to O'Hare...yeah- that didn't happen. The flight was diverted to Albany, NY to refuel and then finally made it's way to LaGuardia at about 9:40...by the time we boarded and took off it was 10:30 EST....thank you United Airlines...

A lot of disgruntled airline employees, but I guess that's just them in general....O'Hare makes this place look like a roach motel....
Not a big fan of this airport and try to avoid it as much as possible.  I always feel like I am playing Russian Roulette when landing as the runway is mostly surrounded by water.  I have heard stories that pilots try to see how close they can get to the end of the runway (and water) when they land. 

So you won't see me here any time soon, kids, heading to Newark thanks.
Late
And
Generally
Unsatisfactory
Always
Retarded
Difficult
International
Airport
Ew Laguardia.  

Your airport is filthy, your flights cancelled or delayed often and your food selection atrocious.  

Your staff sucks and is unprofessional as they'd rather talk to each other than actually help the passengers that they are supposed to be serving.  My favorite is how they all seem to be especially delinquent  when it comes to notifying passengers that flights will be delayed (which they almost always are).

Your lack of air conditioning in August of 2005 at the AirTran terminal (where there were about 150 people sitting for over 6 hours as your flights were delayed and then finally cancelled) was unacceptable.  It was about 95 degrees outside that day and inside it was worse.  Unfortunately, no amount of deoderant or air freshener could get rid of that stankness.
If I could give this place zero stars, I would.

Here's the story:

I once had a flight from LAX to LaGuardia on ATA (read the Wall Street Journal to find out where they're at now, and you don't have to worry about booking a ticket on them). Our layover, and there is always one, was in Chicago.

I get in line at FIVE A.M. at LAX, which means I had been up since about 3:45 a.m. This is in January, next to Hawaiian Airlines' counter, so some guy ahead of me had a surf board.

They read the warning about crashing and dying in three languages, and I think the third was Klingon. The second was Spanish. The first was English that would make my English teacher blush.

We landed in Chicago. In a blowing snowstorm. At Midway Airport. On time. 30 miles per hour winds. 8 foot snowdrifts. On time. My god.

We took off.

We got to New York, and couldn't land because a thunderstorm.

I had to pee. They wouldn't let me pee. It was 4 p.m.

We tried landing once, almost got hit by lightning.

We tried landing a second time, at 5 p.m., and almost hit an airplane on the runway because some idiot in the control tower didn't look.

We tried landing a third time, and had to circle around. They sent us to Harrisburg International Airport, which is nowhere near New York.

Finally, at 9 p.m., we landed at LaGuardia, and I was greeted by the worst airport I've ever been to -- it was cramped, dingy, and worse than the Staten Island Ferry terminal. I've been to elementary school cafeterias with more ambience. I didn't get to my hotel room in Connecticut until 11:30 p.m.

Let's just say I didn't like the place.
Okay, at the risk of sounding like a lush, LaGuardia gets only 1 star for me because they don't have a bar inside the United terminal.  The only bar is outside of security.  WTF.  I want to get drunk right up until I get on the plane, not 45 minutes before and then sit there sobering up.
LGA is such a dump!  It's old, run-down, and cramped.  They do not have nearly enough terminal, or runway space for the amount of flights that go in and out of here.  Evey time I've flown out of here my flight has been delayed and I've missed my connection.  The food choices suck, unless you like day old pretzels.  To top it all off there is very limited public transportation here, so plan on paying for a cab or car service.

Bottom line- for a better traveling experience, avoid LGA!!
Getting to and from La Guardia using public transport is such a nightmare. I dread going to this dump if I don't want to pony up for a cab. I used to have to transfer 3-4 times to get there from west Brooklyn!

I've also had one too many almost touch down and then zoom off towards Manhattan, without a word from the pilot, experiences. Not cool.

I'd rather go out to JFK if I had a choice.
When I landed here, I thought the airport was closed. It's that bad, really.
Had we known that this is the #1 airport IN THE NATION with the worse on time arrivals and departures, we might have booked our tickets in & out of the Big Apple through JFK or Newark.  LGA lived up to its reputation.  Plus, their employees are rude and inconsiderate (yes, I mean YOU, you  TSA biotch with the attitude) and their check-in system is totally chaotic.  LGA= Lousy Goddamn Awful
Dear Laguardia,

Why do you hate people so? As if your scary runway that makes one think the plane will be landing in the ocean wasn't enough you are one of the most poorly designed airports ever. I flew in and had a connecting flight. You made me leave the terminal, take a bus to another terminal and go through security all over again. WTF?!? If the plane hadn't been delayed I wouldn't have made my connection. I'll be sure to do my best to avoid connecting through you ever again.
Does and should LaGuardia even be classified as an airport for commercial airlines?  

I'm just sayin' (I like that phrase)

I think LaGuardia is more suitable for puddle-jumper flights, private jets.

Once again, flights are significantly cheaper than Newark.  Damn it!
I guess LaGuardia it is!  But I hate their long-term parking options.  Drat!
The dhiarrhea of the aviation world.

God knows how much I love this city, but this airport has got to be the absolutely most ghetto airport on the planet. 

I can't ever remember having to walk so much from my gate to the baggage claim at any other airport. It's absolutely insane how un-friendly the layout is.

Sadly one of my most memorable trips through LGA was unfortunately on November 13th 2001 (Grandmother died on AA Flight 587 the day before). As much as I can recall, it had to be the absolute fastest I ever speed walked through an airport. The voyage was absolutely ENDLESS. Not to mention the two idiots outside of the airport trying to get my bags. I may not have been born in NY, but I sure as heck have been in Washington Heights & the Bronx way too many times to know a scam when I see one.

Regardless of curcumstances, this airport is the epicenter of chaos. It is always packed, always extremely slammed with people, and asking for help here is like trying to argue with someone over the internet (pointless and useless)

Wear walking shoes when you come here and brace for the worst. LGA is New York's way of greeting you and letting you know that you are insignificant, and that nobody will ever be bigger than NYC. Ever.

Drama Queens (or kings) need not fly through LGA.
I've been in cities where the goats outnumber the local population and STILL their airports are far better than LaGuardia. Absolutely one of the worst airports I've ever dealt with - and I'm an international traveler.

I've never experienced a smooth trip with LGA in the mix. Flights are almost always late, often delayed, and inexplicably cancelled. I used to  just tell people picking me up to expect me at least 2 hours after my supposed flight arrival time. Or have updates sent to their phones - because who knows when I'll get in.

The terminals are small, crowded, and in serious need of an update. Flight status monitors are few and far between and often not working. 

If you're booking a flight and you see an unbelievably great deal that has a starting or ending destination of LGA - DON'T DO IT. The money you save will not be worth the aggravation of this airport. 

Ugh, just thinking about this airport makes me angry. So i think i'll stop.

(don't do it dude. just don't.)
If I hadn't followed people who were connecting to the same flight I was, I would have been totally, completely, and hopelessly lost.  Not one employee of the airport seemed willing to help me. A thumb jerk in a general direction seemed to be as far as they were willing to go in terms of giving directions.  I just asked a lot of passengers to help me out until I found my way.
 The terminals were dirty. The employees were less than helpful. The layout was confusing.
If I could give this airport a zero, I would have. I gave LAX one star, and I think this airport is worse.
I just had the "pleasure" of going through LGA yet again, and since I don't have the luxury of banning it from my life a good vent session on yelp will have to do.

I mean, seriously, is this an airport or a bus terminal? I've seen dump truck terminals that inspire more confidence. Granted I largely only experience the Air Canada terminal, but we're talking old, dirty, crowded, and run down. The place if falling apart. Leaving from gorgeous terminal 1 at YYZ and landing in this hole probably helps highlight the contrast.

Now, I'm all about being rational, so I'll deal with run down as long as it's functional. It's not. The YYZ - LGA corridor is so bad that Air Canada has a permanent delay advisory on all flights to/from LGA. If it isn't the random cancellations, or the ridiculous queue times on the runway / circling in the air, it's the mysterious "electric storms" that seem to appear somewhere north of the airport and throw everything off. "We're delayed due to storms"..."But there isn't a cloud in the sky, and it's the same in Toronto"..."sir trust me, we can't fly in this weather" Really? Just tell me the gremlins chewed up all the wires in the engine and you've called in santa's elves to fix them. One day I will demand proof of these mythical storms...

But like I said, a lot of us don't have a choice. If you want to make it to the office for around 8:30am you're not braving JFK or EWR rush hour traffic. The 6:20am flight to LGA, which I have to say has a better on time record than most others, is the only shot you have. 

So until next time LGA...
It sucks. 

No other way to describe it, and terminal 3 (AA) is awful and crowded. Only way to fly here regularly is to joining the Admirals Club. 

Great food and conversation from Manny's hot dog stand at the end of the terminal across from Gate 8. Have a beer, a dog, and a good chat with him.

Please see my blog for more details and reviews.
The sister airport of JFK in terms of crappiness to be owned and operated by Port Authority of NY and NJ.

LaGuardia Airport (LGA) is a crappy airport indeed with inattentive service which mirrors JFK's service of airline and airport staff.  Long lines with unattended check-in counters, lack of proper signs, filthy restrooms, insufficient choice of restaurants, lack of showers for there is no shortage of laundry list of problems.  A smaller size airport compared to JFK which is located in Northern Queens of Flushing.  Like JFK, LaGuardia also contains outdated equipment; small size of everything from restaurants, restrooms, no computer stations of free internet access; and THE rudest attitude to profile all travelers of scowl looks.  In recent years, LaGuardia has expanded their services to become a full-service international airport, in addition, to hosting domestic flights.

Curtness is the typical is NYC attitude but there is a fine line between abrasive and rude, which is borderline insane vulgar and vile. This airport is aggravating frustration until one's blood pressure sky-rockets.

LaGuardia Airport (LGA)'s blue control tower and terminal signage are visible on Grand Central Parkway westbound entrance.
When it comes to awful airports it is difficult to top the hell-hole which is LaGuardia.  Let us count the ways in which LGA is AWFUL!

1) Flight delays.  Unless you are on the first flight out in the AM, odds are you are going to be delayed.  I actually had a stretch of 3 months of flying out of LGA every Thursday night where I was delayed every time for a minimum of 4 hrs.

2) Seperation of terminals.  Changing from a Delta flight to a USAir flight?  Guess what, you are getting on a bus ... hope you don't get lost or confused sucker!!

3) Restaurants & Shops ... few and far between (especially if you are flying United).

4) Picking someone up ... unless the person picking you up is very familiar with this airport and you are very clear about where you came in, this is a total nightmare!  There really isn't anywhere to wait for them either.

5) Baggage claim.  Another giant cluster F***.  I'm shocked there aren't more baggage thefts.

6) Trying to go to Manhattan?  Take a bus or a super expensive cab.  How is it even reasonable that there isn't a subway connection to Manhattan??

7) Checking in?  Expect insane lines.  This place is overcrowded and the airlines have done a poor job of installing easy check-in kiosks.

Fly into JFK if you can.  Yes, it can be a nightmare, but it is better than LGA.
Wow AirTran, you just love sucking every bit of money out of the customer don't you? Don't fly AirTran, they will charge you heavily just so they can make money off you. I was charged $157 just for two check-ins. Ridiculous! That's twice the cost of my flight ($80.20). DO NOT FLY AIRTRAN.
A sense of intense displeasure overcomes me as my bright yellow taxi pulls up to the grim darkness of the soulless yet full-to-body-capacity aero-inferno. I take a deep breath as I feel my bottles of stored patience beginning to uncap. The automatic doors malfunction, and with a brut manual push you're in. Welcome to Hell.
Probably one of the worst airports known around the world. This airport needs to be updated in structure and also staff. You might as well drive to your destination because this airport has so many delays that have nothing to do with being in the air. Also you don't any public transportation that makes it easy to get too...

If you ABSOLUTELY cant get a flight at JFK or Newark for that time or date you want it, and you cant wait another day to fly, then maybe consider going to LGA.
How can this airport get anything over a 1 star rating! It's horrible.  It is so cramped, and crowded, and hot that it makes you want to get the hell out of there except they haven't had a flight leave on time since 2005.  Here are some of my notes:

Bad
Crowds
No place to sit
Restaurants are cramped and uncomfortable
Most people have a lousy attitude (I would too if I worked there)
Too much bumping and contact in the men's room
The Welcome to NY sign on the runway is falling apart
Flights are always late
Getting there is a hassle
It's hard to find anything but Pepsi products (yuck)

There is no statue of LaGuardia or any memorial to him anywhere.  I mean come on!! Have you seen John Wayne in the Santa Ana airport.  What a disgrace this is to the memory of Fiorello.

Good
Stand up bar at the end of the C terminal (American Airlines) has ice-cold beer and a funny bartender
You can see CitiField when you land or take off
Food court isn't too bad but it could use some local flavor (Gray's Papaya or Original Rays for instance)
LGA makes any third world airports look like Presidential palace. SEriously, this airport is just nasty and out of control in many wrong way. Whenever I land here I get dipressed. Lights are dark, toilets are broken, human feces on the wall, illegal cab drivers...list goes on.
Even the newest terminal like Delta's take over of Terminal C and expansion access bridge has given fresh touch up...for couple months, then terminal look like old days again (AA terminal is probably the worst shape) Is it because how NYers treat public places, just like the rest of the city???

Sure LGA is "historic", but that's only the Marine terminal, which is the only reason I give one star (Actually the Marine terminal deserves 5 starts, but the rest of airport lowered that 5 stars to 1) 

LGA got new ugly tower, how about a new terminal?
If you understand anything about me and how I travel you will understand why this airport gets 1 pathetic star. I want a beer at the airport bar before i get on a plane. It's just part of my routine.  LGA denies me this treat.

Nothing about this airport welcomes me to NYC nor does it wish me safe travels.  Ya see, there are no airport bars beyond the security check point.  This is just pathetic and intolerable. Shame on you NYC, Shame on YOU!
Quite honestly, all airports are the pits to me.  How I loathe and detest flying period.  Personal opinion here folks, the employees make the airport, and TSA can suck my balls.  Talk about power trip and attitude!  Now, I know you guys probably have an irritating job...directing people hundreds of times a day to do things that everyone by now, should know.  For example, I fly a lot and constantly witness people trying to sneak liquids on and most recently...a bottle wine.  But there is no need for the TSA workers to give me bad attitude...NY attitude at its finest!  I used to work for an oral surgeon and on a daily basis I have to hear whining...you're hurting me...I hate the dentist...it cost how much!, but I still kept a smile on my face and do you know why???  Cause I'd get fired it I didn't.  Its called customer service and professionalism.

So the next time I walk through that scanner, you better LOOK at my ID instead of waving that arm as if to say...hurry up.  Also, it wouldn't hurt if you guys pulled your pants up once in a while and tuck your shirts in.  Your job is important to my safety...try not to look like mall rental cops.
Holy crap this airport sucks!
Crappy food options.
Bathrooms hard to get to. 
Lines for boarding seem to be right in the middle of everything.

I say, tear this place down. Start over.
I've done quite a bit of traveling for my job & have seen quite a few airports & I have to say this place is the worse. It is the embodiment of everything I hate about NY:  rude people, dirty & nasty. LGA is one on of the reasons why I go out of my way to fly into JFK when I come to NY. It's the only airport I've been to where they have security check you before the TSA screen where they check you boarding pass & ID & then not even 10 steps away they check your boarding pass again minus the ID WTF if the TSA workers would have looked five feet to there right they would have seen there co workers had checked this already. Sad that this is what some people see when they arrive in NY for the first time.
If Queens is the gateway to hell, then LaGuardia must be the waiting room. 

Even w/ me including extra time in my schedule, I still had to wait forever to check my bags (all the self check kiosks were out of service), rush through airport security (crazy long lines) all to get to my gate and find out my flight is delayed (WOMP!).

And whats with the terminal and gates being the size of my living room? Hot as hell with barely any room to navigate through the tons of other people w/ delayed flights as well. 

Someone needs to call in Extreme Makeover to fix this dump up ASAP. Having your fliers stuck in a gray box w/ food choices of pretzels, hot dogs, or nuts is definitely no bueno.

LaGuardia makes me love & appreciate Hartsfield-Jackson  x10
Saying it like it is:  This is the shittiest, nastiest dump of an airport there ever has been.  Oh, sure, if you're flying US Airways, it's not so bad, but 70% of all LGA traffic flows through the Central Terminals.  Confusing signage, few eating options once you pass through security, dingy terminals that look dilapidated, apathetic employees with sour attitudes, paltry bathrooms, dangerously short runways.

Port Authority: spend some major money and fix this god-awful toilet you have the audacity to call an airport.
This AIRPORT SUCKS!! Yes ok it's closer to NYC Mahattan area BUT the service is WACK. I've been to small airports like Long Beach and nothing compared to this POS. My flight was at 6am and the security check opened at 5:30am. Line was around the corner and took at least 30 mins to check us in. Be prepared to come there early.
Should have listened to mother. This has got to be one of the crappiest airports in the world. I'm definitely not going to fly out of this airport again. The last time I did before recent (6/1/10) was back in 1998 as a child. Anyways, what airport has the nerve to change the departure time 3 times within an hour? Very ballsy move. The staff wasn't much help either. Oh and it was a joy waiting on the runway for an hour or so.
Dear LGA, 
I'm so glad I don't live in NYC anymore so I don't have to utilize you very often. You look like you burned down and then grew back. I've never seen a filthier airport in my life. 
There are not enough bathrooms where Airtran flies into and it looks like hell. The terminal Delta flies into is better, but still awful. Gawd you suck. 

Flight delays abound, if you're picking someone up, you better hope they are familiar with the airport because it's confusing as hell outside and wtf is up with not having a subway stop there? I've returned rental cars there and you have to take a bus for what seems like forever until 35-40 minutes later, you FINALLY get dumped off in Queens at a train station. The only reason I ever did this is because I didn't want to pay $30 for the cab ride home, but c'mon New York!!
Decent transit to airport? No, even Atlanta has better.
Clean? Eww. No.
Decent shops? Um... Hudson News? 
Signage and wayfinding? ¿Qué?
Baggage claim? You had a bag?
On-time? Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha

Worst.


Airport. 


EVER!!!
Being that I travel a lot and am visiting my fam in NY a few times a year, LGA is my worst nightmare. Every time, I fly in or out, I expect a 2 hour delay. I can usually count on it. This airport is too small for the amount of air traffic it handles. The only reason I continue to torture myself is because Delta offers the most options from Florida (where I live now).  Delta also happens to be the worst terminal since it is tucked in a corner of the airport. You will always have to wait for another plane at the gate. There is just not enough room to maneuver the planes there.  I can go on forever about this place but I wont.  The fact is I still have to use this airport due to the convenience of its location to my family in NY. Oh well, I guess I will have to suck it up for now...
"You KNOW we're in the 21st century, right?" 

That's what I wanted to say to the two ancient Rent-a-Cops guarding the exit door, when I asked them where the nearest wi-fi spot was. 

They gave me a quizzical look, so I had to repeat myself. Then I realized that they didn't speak English, because the guy who looked like Abe Vigoda kept telling me about something that was completely unrelated. So I asked again. Same quizzical look, except this time, the guy told me to go to one of the agents working  the gates.

Great. I feel SO secure knowing that these two are guarding the gateways to America's skies... 

Everywhere I go, its the same story. "I don't know..." or "Go ask the next person who will give you the run around."... I call the info phone that Delta has set up. The overly perky Operator tells me that "according to their website, Laguardia is equipt with wifi..." I kindly remind her that I am in LGA right now, and no one I have spoken to seems to a f*cking clue about internet access. I used a much nicer set of words of course... She puts me on hold for several minutes, then comes back on and says that the internet is what they go by and sorry and bye. She hangs up before I can say anything. Strike two.

I go into Delta's Skyway lounge, and ask if they have internet access. The Long Island Beauty School dropout tells me that it is currently down, and that they are not issuing any more "Day Passes." Great...

I finally get an answer from a restaurant operator - he informs me that they are completely off the grid. The whole airport. WTF?

So here I am, stuck in this airport, my flight has been delayed 3 times already, and I am trying to get some work over by midnight... 

A few minutes later, there is a commotion near the first place, where Abe Vigoda was standing guard... He is in a shouting match with a guy who tried walking in through exit gate. Seems like its an honest but stupid mistake, but by now, tempers have flared. The guy is screaming at Abe that he shouldn't put his hands on his throat. Abe is screaming back at the guy saying who knows what. More security converge, more shouting, more accusations... The guy is clearly a moron for trying to walk back in that way, but why is Abe shouting at the guy also? 

Just get me out of this pisshole, I think, while trying to avoid the throngs of bodies camped out, waiting out the flight delays... One guy who is sleeping, reaches into his pants and is scratching for what seems like several minutes. Didn't want to look, but at the same time, am so horrified, that I couldn't look away... He eventually pulls his hand out and rubs his face... UUUUGHHHHHHH!!!

Finally, at 2:30am, my plane mercifully departs this goddawful place. I've flown in and out of LGA plenty of times, but this time seals it. RAZE THIS PLACE! If there's money and space to build a new stadium, then get creative and build a new airport. One that preferably offers the internet!
Again, I hate both NY/NJ airports and though JFK is the lowest on my sh!tlist, LGA ain't that much higher. 

Hello ghetto and 1960's decor. 

The only silver lining is that it's closer to the city...ie less time spent in a disgusting cabby with a crazy cab driver. If you call that a silver lining O_O.
If your ideal airport experience involves broken air conditioning, delayed flights when the "storm" outside is something like your average Tuesday afternoon in Seattle, the only decent food being an ABP and a Dunkin' Doughnuts, no room to sit down ever, and a "so loud you can barely hear yourself think" environment, you're going to freaking love this place. 

LGA blows. I've been to a lot of regional commuter airports, and LGA is easily the worst of them. The airport is way too small to handle the volume of shuttle traffic and domestic flights, leading to a horrible passenger experience in both a formal and functional kind of way. Seating is at an extreme premium. This is less an airport, more a giant Musical Chairs tournament. Many places are standing room only, and on my most recent visit the AC was broken leading to the B-concourse turning into a giant Turkish sauna. 

Ample power outlets compensate marginally for the extreme displeasure of flying out of this hell hole. But it's only in the way that you can log onto the internet (which costs 8 bucks/24 hours) and pretend that you're somewhere else. 

I heard they teach prisoners of war to do the same thing.
The United terminal here is a joke. No free Wi-fi. Only 4 laptop charging stations for the whole terminal. No real restaurants. $25 baggage fees. $50 to go on standby for a completely open flight. FAIL
LaGuardia, you are the worst airport ever.  TSA people here are really grumpy and annoying.  You're old, your security lines take forever.  And once you arrive back to NYC, there are no taxis around...  No good food post security.

I am one and done with this sucker.

*
While convenient to Manhattan, the AA terminal is a dump, you can only access the Admirals Club lounge from the D terminal so if you fly out of C, you have to go thru security twice.  The food is ok
i flipping hate this airport. the year after i graduated college, i had a job where i traveled extensively, so i've seen alot of airports. ALOT. and this airport ranks right up there with the worst of the worst. 

oh, there's a chance of rain? DELAY.
oh, you need to get through security quickly? NO CHANCE.
you were hoping for a pleasant customer service experience? NOPE.
you needed a clean bathroom? SO SORRY.

however, my least favorite thing about this airport is if you ever have to change terminals (rant forthcoming). i've had to do this several times- and the first time i asked about it, someone on staff literally rolled their eyes at me. oh i'm sorry i don't know about the LGA way to get from terminal to terminal. most airports have a tram or a monorail, all of which are clearly marked...and you don't have to leave security. but no no, not LGA. you have to take a bus, which is completely outside security (and outdoors). i'm not even sure that there is signage in any of the terminals to let travelers know. so not only do you have to leave security, you get the pleasure of going through it all over again all while trying to get to your gate in the other terminal in time. hope you weren't in a hurry! i can tell you from experience, it's the best in the dead of winter. end rant. 

other highlights: the terminals are old and rundown like many have said and it's pricy to get into the city (but that's an issue w/nyc taxis, not the airport). 

i don't really care for either nyc area airport option to be honest (i'm sure that comes as a shock after reading this reveiw). it's a shame because i love nyc alot. the bottom line is, when it comes down to choosing an airport, LGA is almost always cheaper, so i usually just deal with it. please get your act together la guardia, then i wouldn't have to hate you so much.
From the lax security, to the traffic, to the lack of places to eat or even get coffee, Laguardia is without a doubt, the worst airport in the U.S.
The lay-out is terrible. The staff is terrible. I realize the security checks have to be very thorough and strict but that doesn't mean passengers should be verbally abused by incompetent idiots who uses their job as an opportunity to make up for all the times they've felt worthless. 
I will rather pay extra and fly out of JFK then ever coming to this airport. The security staff should be closely evaluated because I don't feel safer despite the security checks at the airport knowing that those who are responsible for our safety are clearly not capable of having any type of intelligence.  Not when it comes to dealing with people, nor understanding common sense. So I really doubt their ability to protect us.  After being yelled by a security personal in the rudest possible way for standing too close to a rope and watching him also get into a fight with another passenger, I think we need protection from them !
I've been in different airports all over the world. I think la guardia and Newark airports are the worse ones when it comes to their staff and that really says something considering I've been to some terrible third world country airports. 
If you have a choice, choose elsewhere until this airport finally gets the idea to train and educate their staff.
Worst airport in America. Sure it may be quicker and more convenient than JFK but this place is a dump.

Food options suck, limited power outlets in most gates, short runways, delays all the time, sometimes finding a seat can be a challenge, some of the rudest staff, etc. 

I don't know if the staff is just jaded from being at that airport, or are in some powerful union that prevents them from being held accountable much less providing anything close to satisfactory customer service, etc.

Get in and get out! Oh yea, getting in and out is also a pain!!
Worst airport ever! Long lines, escalators don't work, delta is disorganized. Asian lady at the counter did let me go w 54 n 51 weight bags... She was nice. It's very very hot in here!!!!
I fly United most of the time and the United terminal lacks any dine-in restaurants (which means no booze, either.) If you have time to kill, stay out on the concourse as long as you can before heading through security.
TSA successfully thwarted my attempts to blow up the plane with shampoo.

This rinky dink airport is small, crowded and dirty. The food court is also outside of the security checkpoint! 

Fail!
This place is a dump. 

I arrived here on a small plane and had to wait almost an hour to get my luggage.  It didn't come out where it was suppose to and when we asked for help, they kept telling us our luggage was at same carousel.  Seriously? How do you lose a whole plane's luggage.  I'd sort of understand just 1, but a whole plane!? And you people couldn't figure out where it was? I could potentially even expect it from a larger airport but not at such a dinky little one. Booo!
Hate it! I really don't care how it looked, looks, or will look in the future, I seriously hate it. I don't hate a lot of things but LGA I do!
Why? Driving is horrible, it does not matter how many times I went, but every time it's like solving a 100,000 piece puzzle. I have no clue where to go, what to do...
You can blame it on me, you could; was it not A FACT! that I drove in multiple cities around the world and never ever had problems like I have driving in and around LGA.

It's so bad that I rather choose not to fly in or out of LGA, even if the airfare was cheaper.

Sorry LGA but I do not like you at all!
Sucks that this is my base of travel. 

Pros:
- Can reach gate from door in about 30 minutes on most mornings via cab (coming from Brooklyn Heights, not bad)
- Five Guys Burgers for breakfast!

Cons:
- No working water fountain in C gates in American facility. None.
- Needs buckets on floor to catch drips from ceiling in inclement weather.
- Probably last remodeled in 1984.
- The most surly TSA employees I've ever come across. American D gate, here's looking at you.
- Backscatter machines in use.

All in all I guess I can't complain too much, I could always use JFK if it was that bad, but I'd rather spend less time getting to the airport. Its just sort of a buzzkill coming back here when returning from a good trip.
One of the crappiest airports I've been to. No direct trains, crap airport food (as airport goes) and holes in the ceiling that are constantly leaking. The TSA here is also one of the slowest and most inefficient I have ever seen. I feel like it should be so much better given it's proximity to NYC, but it's the worst out of the 3 main airports in the area. Maybe the worst in the US... and I've flown through most of them.
LaGuardia is probably the worst airport I've been in. Compared to small airports, some of the outer gates in LGA are super cramped and there's hardly any room for people to walk in both directions at once. For an airport that serves a metropolitan area, it's shameful that the only public transport that's available is by bus. As a result there is always a horrendous taxi line to get out of this airport. How about an AirTran train? The location is convenient, sure, but only for when you're leaving NYC.
I travel quite frequently for work, and do find myself in the big apple for either work or play on occasion. In any case, I am forced to fly into La Guardia because this is the only airport Southwest flies into (although I know they will be establishing a presence at Newark in the very near future...). UNFORTUNATELY, this airport pretty much sucks in every way possible.

There is no food, literally NO food options in the Southwest terminal. I can't speak for any other terminal, but where the Southwest flights depart from...yeah, it's the worst. I usually end up eating nuts and dunkin donuts because that's all I have to choose from. Granted, my finicky appetite prohibits me from indulging what can no less be the nastiest deli sandwiches alive, plus I just don't eat that stuff, ever, no exceptions. I'd gorge myself on dunkin donuts before I'd even touch one.

Not to MENTION, my flights back to Chicago are almost guaranteed to be delayed from La Guardia. Seriously. Every. Time. 

Unfortunately, I'll probably always have to fly into La Guardia when I come to New York, because it's the closest airport to the Met. All I can hope for is that they introduce some new dining options for me, or I should make it a point to always eat a big lunch before heading out of town...
I heard a short sound bite from a speech Donald Trump said last week: "LaGuardia Airport is like going to a third world country."  I do not know how many third world countries Trump has visited via his private jet so I cannot say if his comparison is valid.  However, I will say that my experice at LaGuardia was the worst!   Arriving was not that terrible, or maybe I was just ecstatic to return to the city where most of my family lived for years.  A man behind a help desk smiled and answered questions. The men selling tickets for bus rides into the city gave great advice about traveling into the city.  Leaving though was a completely different environment! It was confusing, cluttered, crowded and too many employees there just had terrible attitudes.  Maybe it is because I booked the flight on a Friday evening now knowing the insane traffic that descends upon the city on a weekly basis during that day.  Getting to the airport took over two hours and once again, a flight was missed!  The Delta employees were rude and did not seem eager to assist us.  Then while a charge was heaped upon us for missing our flight, we get to the terminal where our flight was delayed.  So can we get our money back? They had all of the electrical outlets in the waiting area against one wall behind a row of chairs. Even if a chair was empty if someone was sitting there it would be difficult to charge electronics which I wanted to do while I was waiting.  I think if the employee's surrounding were more visually appealing, colorful bathroom tiles, new carpeting and chairs, colorful statues or artwork placed throughout, more of them would smile and actually seem happy to help people at the airport instead the depressing demeanors I witnessed that Friday night!
If I had only 1 day to live, I'd want to spend it at New York's LaGuardia airport...because it would be the longest day of my entire life. 

--

I have flown in/out of many airports all over the United States in the last few years...and LGA ranks right up there with...well...itself. It's actually the worst, by far. Dunkin' Donuts is the best food option, security is a clusterfuck of crazy people, there is limited seating, the ceilings are low, the aisles are tight, it always has an air of feeling sort of...damp. No, sweaty. Even worse. 

if you are bright and intelligent you'll figure out how to teleport yourself to destinations outside of the NE. 

Until I figure that out, I'll be flying out of LaGuardia...because really, there is no other choice (well, ok...JFK, but this is still one of the major players)! NYC may be the best of the best, but this airport is the pit of the pits. Bleh.
This has to be the worst airport in the country, and naturally its the closest major airport to me! Seriously I have to question if people favorably reviewing this airport work for it, or perhaps they are just the type to rate anyhitng "new york" postive. There are many of those around here.

To be honest, 99% of my experience is with the The Delta terminal, and only on occasion have i have flown out of the central, and one out of the Marine air. As fas as Delta, to start the check in a major hassel, crowded, and not well marked. Typically the longest security lines of any airport I have been to. Staffed with rude people, which by TSA standards says alot. Once you get through security, its like entering a zoo. There are only 2 extremely crowded bars for one of the busiest terminals in the country. Last time I was there, my flight was delayed 4 hours, so I decided to buy a Delta sky club pass for $50 I believe. MISTAKE! It was as crowded as the terminal. The only place I could sit was back in the work station area at a desk designed for people to do business at. Took about 10 mins to get a drink. Just not worth the $50. And the boarding lounges are also extremely crowded, and chaotic. 

I could go on and on, but why bother. It's an awful airport, and everryone knows it.
This is truly the most outdated, craptacular international airport I have experienced in the U.S.  It seriously feels like it should be in a third world country, or at least 1960.  Ugh.  

Luckily since I fly Continental/United, most of their flights are out of EWR or JFK.  Now that I think about, I'm just f*$ked.  NY is in desperate need of some up-to-date airports, not just a few renovated terminals.

*sigh*
I used to not think I was an airport snob for preferring JFK (my go-to airport whenever I return to visit the fam), but I realized I was mistaken when I set foot through the doors of LaGuardia's Terminal B.

They do score a point for moving the security line quickly.  But that's it.  The rest of the time consisted of them yelling loudly at those of us on line about policies and procedures.

I thought the JetBlue terminal in Long Beach was ghetto, 'til I arrived here.

It seemed like they had a different procedure from every other airport I've flown in, and I've flown in a lot of airports.  They actually cost me more time because of their insane rules.

Next time, I know better.
So far my reviews, for the most part have been 4 or 5 stars. That's because when I'm excited I want to do a review. But I said, now that I'm trying to yelp on the regular, I need some balance. What can I give 1 star to???   Well, what do you know...... as I arrive this evening more than 2 hours late into LaGuardia Airport from Columbus, OH. Thank you LGA for reminding me JUST why, even though you are within WALKING distance from my home, I'd much rather brave traffic on the Van Wyck and leave from JFK than be bothered with LaGuardia Airport. I know the airport is old, but so is my home which was built in 1929, but over the years, it's been maintained.  Hmmmm, "maintenance", obviously a foreign word for LGA.  I succumb to LGA misery b/c of the cheap flights to ATL on Delta and AirTran. Also, American Airlines to Nashville (I'll write a negative review for American very shortly as well---so that'll be 2 reviews with 1 star) If I made even a little more money, I'd say forget you LGA and I'd fly out of JFK for every single flight.  I'm at the age where I think I deserve some of the finer things in life----not luxuries, just the finer things --- like working toilets, clean walls, ceilings that don't leak, floors that look like they were scraped within the past 6 months ago, TSA personnel who do not look like they're on parole.
 I look out of one window and I see the money wasted on Shea Stadium (aka Citifield) and look out the other window and wonder why in the world can't they do something with LGA airport???
So this is the worst airport to travel through in the summer.  I left in late may on the hottest day (up to that point) picked a bad route to get to this airport and and wanted to cry with all the whining babies that were in the airport because I was so uncomfortable.... that's not true, the crying babies did make it all less pleasant though.

But seriously it sucked.  The logistics were screwed up, the climate control  was nonexistent and it kinda smelled in there.

The airport personnel told the people leaving on the flight after mine to go to our gate before Frontier started boarding us.  So there was not just one sweaty crowd waiting for their plane to board there were two sweaty crowds.  Not only that but some botoxed dumbass on the second flight -having not payed attention- kept asking Frontier-clad people -attempting to get the Denver-bound people boarded- "is this the flight to Florida?"  

Pay attention!  No.  It's not even your airline!  And it says Denver on the out-dated marquee.

Anyway, heed the many warnings and avoid using Laguardiass-smell-a-like airport. 

Now for the half second star: the bar downstairs -the one you see before you go through security and into the overcrowded bar with the sticky floors- is pretty nice.

And a note to Laguardia: your airport sucks, you should let people be distracted from that fact by giving them free internet while they put up with your establishment.
Most disgusting airport I've EVER been to!  The staff are horribly rude; the cleaning lady in one of their bathrooms tried to push me with her mop.  The food choices are poor and disgusting (on one occasion I received a half-frozen sandwich from Dunkin Donuts).  The bathrooms are dirty, and it looks like they never clean them.  Also, either their heating/A/C units don't work properly or they don't bother turning them on because it's either freezing in the winter or sweltering and stuffy in the summer.  Gross, NYC!!
This airport is small, pathetic, and way overcrowded.  It seems that there's always something blocked off and under construction, but the problem is it's like putting lipstick on a pig.

There are few seats, few options for food, but plenty of books to buy on how great New York is.  The only place is good for is giving passengers some food borne illness (I got food poisoning here).

The only good thing about this airport is leaving the airport.
No food options; dingy carpets & seats. Poor directions in transferring terminals (I can think of one other US airport that makes passengers leave a secure location and have to be body scanned all over again to enter another terminal).   Horrific service.  I'm giving this airport one star only for the gorgeous waterfront and city views that I observed once I got out of there.
Donald Trump said it best, "You land your plane at LaGuardia Airport, you go to LaGuardia Airport, it's like a Third World airport."

Except that in many other countries you have much better facilities, billion dollar airports, employees that have a great attitude, and just a wonderful travel experience--the opposite of LGA.

LGA is also the home to many bums that the Port Authority seems unwilling or unable to kick out.  If this were a third world airport they'd be arrested and deported.

LGA needs about a $10B renovation, but you won't see it until the place falls apart completely.  The politicians that control the place are corrupt, the city wastes money instead on education, and social service programs as their transportation infrastructure cripples.  LGA is a shining example of these epic failures.

The worst is that there's no link to viable transportation.  You take the M60 bus and it's a catastrophic failure.  Unlike JFK and Newark, no trains actually connect to the terminal, so you're effectively forced to support the mini-mafia that runs the cabs in this city.
They get one star because you actually get to fly in and out.  

This airport is like a human zoo; I half expect to see containers of food and water in the corners.  It's dirty, crowded, and it makes me want to take a shower like I just had dirty sex with a stranger.  Food options aren't appetizing, bathroom facilities are disgusting, and seating is few and far between.

Normally, I'd brush this off b/c hey, when you land, you're not really hanging around.  However, I would say that my departing flights out of LaGuardia are delayed 90% of the time; this means that I'm always spending more time in this airport than I'd prefer...at least for not being in a Hazmat suit.  I don't get it...this is NEW YORK CITY!
What can I say...totally inconvenient - no trains to it....rude staff...overcrowded and expensive.  Yeah..this airport sucks...no excuse -they make enough money to upgrade.

There...that's all I'm going to say about the matter.
Inconvenient (no trains), United staff is beyond rude...I've never had worse customer service, run down and old...can't believe this is one of the major airports servicing NYC. Will avoid this airport at all cost!
I try not to write scathing reviews, but I hate.... And I do mean hate... Laguardia Airport with a passion. I've only flown out of it twice and BOTH experiences were so awful that I found alternate routes home because I just didn't want to go back there ever again. Once I drove 11 hours and the other time I almost paid $50 to change my flight. The staff are snotty and unhelpful, while the airport itself is inconvenient and ill maintained. There are ALWAYS delays and if you are unlucky enough to spend the night there you'll see a parade of cracked out employees and other unstable individuals wandering around. 

Also note, if you need to grab any souvenirs or gifts for your journey home, do so before going through security. The shops past the check points are poor to non-existent.
Hey we're new york, we have a shitty airport. Fugehtabouddit!
Seriously? You're going to confiscate my baby powder? Do you even know the security rules of unacceptable objects to take on a plane? You think my razor is safer than a diaper rash preventative? Okay. Fine. But you smell.
Dirtiest airport in America!!
Awful awful AWFUL airport.  If you have an option, fly into JFK.  LGA is run down, dirty, and no one is friendly there.  Seriously, it's a dismal place.
The United terminal sucks!  It is completely outdated and needs renovations asap.  The chairs are coming apart.  There also isn't enough seating for the volume of people that come through the terminal.  The floor looks dirty and the bathrooms are gross.  I hate when I have to wait for my flight here because the terminal is so disgusting.  There's also no place to eat except an Au Bon Pain, but it's way too crowded and looks messy.
OH HEY LOOK!  It's my least favorite airport in the country - and that's saying a lot given how many airport I frequent in my work travels.

Security is slow, the terminals are cramped, ugly, dated, and low on food options.  The line for taxis is abysmal.

I could go on, but the crux of my hatred for LGA is this:  I traveled to New York for 23 weeks straight for a project.  Out of those 23 weeks my flight was delayed by 15-45 minutes 2 times.  My flight was delayed by an hour or more 19 times.  A little math results in this:  out of 23 weeks, my flight leaving LGA was on time twice.  Tee Dubble-You Oh.  Two Times.

Get your act together, LGA, you're embarrassing yourself.
My least favorite airport in the U.S.

It is a drab, claustrophobic series of rat tunnels that will suck the soul out of you if you linger too long.

Oh, and the dining options suck, too.
This airport is sooo ghetto!

Okay granted I maybe an airport snob.

I live in San Francisco Bay Area, and I'm used to flying out of and into some nice airports.  San Jose, San Francisco, Las Vegas, Burbank, Houston, Chicago Midway, Atlanta, Houston, Oklahoma City, all are WAY better airports than LaGuardia, hell even the small hub in Appleton Wisconsin scores higher marks.

The design of this place is just broken, starting with the roads leading in and out of this place, its confusing and the traffic flow is poorly managed.

This place is run down and dirty.  The carpet and the seats are worn down like in some crappy no-tell motel, the whole place as a retro late 70's early 80's motif going for it

I've flown into 3rd world counties with better airports... its really sad.  NY needs to toss some serious coin into redoing this airport.

The food options suck, the bathrooms have a neglected highway rest stop stank going for it.  

The whole place just has the vibe of walking down an spooky empty alleyway where your expecting somebody to jump out a clobber you over the head any moment. 

Avoid it if you can, fly into JFK or Newark if you have the option
Defiantly one of the worst airports I've been too. 

Awful TSA, dirty cramp waiting area. Blah. 

Only positive is it's close to the city.
By far the most disgusting airport I've ever been to! There was no climate control what so ever! Its was like 100 degrees in here, stale, and humid! AND taking your shoes off for TSA was nasty. I don't think they have ever mopped tht floor! I need a shower!
Hungover at 6am  on a Monday night after a late Sunday night wedding, I looked up, and saw a big brown mold/leak spot.

Lack of seating, poor public transportation, and just poor layout makes this airport as bad as it gets.
LGA is one of the worst airports in the country.  Bad food, bad lavatories, bad attitudes, and always late flights.  Thank god i don't have to fly out off there regularly anymore.
To think I used to defend you.

I don't want to spend any more time than absolutely necessary thinking about my recent experiences with LaGuardia, so I just want to ask five questions:

1. Has there ever been a flight, either into or out of LGA, that had no delays, mechanical issues, or other problems?

2. Why the fuck are Delta and Delta Shuttle in different terminals? This causes an inordinate amount of logistical issues that all seem to create problems for me. 

3. How can your only redeeming quality be that you are just slightly closer to everything than JFK?

4. Where do you find your staff? Seriously, I'm asking. I will place it atop my list of places I will never, ever go. Under any circumstances.

5. I hate you.

I realize that last one is not a question.
LaGuardia is dirty, stained, dilapidated and smells like ass. I thought JFK was a hot mess but it is positively idyllic in comparison. This airport warrants third world status, and is not worthy to carry the name of one of NYC's greatest mayors.

Maybe "Extreme Makeover" does airports?
The only thing LaGuardia has going for it is the views of Manhattan.  Otherwise it is tight, crowded, and generally crappy.  But New Yorkers are probably really proud of that. I would be too, because there is something very cool about living there.  But the airport still stinks!
I have an all new appreciation for the Atlanta airport after spending a significant amount of time in Laguardia. The place is just sad looking. It's dirty, small, grimy, and just depressing. Food options usually aren't great in most airports if you don't want fast food, but in Terminal B there are practically no options at all. And god, so crowded. The bathrooms are just disgusting. And if I have a choice between peeing on land or peeing on an airplane, land always wins out, but this place is so nasty it made me reconsider my general rule. The security line was also just insane. When we got there to catch our plane home, I could not believe how incredibly long the line to security was, and it made me thankful I was so paranoid and that we arrived a good 3 hours early for our flight. So, so much revamping needs to be done to this airport, it's sad. I am actually surprised I didn't see visible cracks in the walls or something because the place feels like to me it could crumble at any moment.

Anyway, I will probably continue to fly into NYC via Laguardia so long as Airtran exists, but as it looks like it's not for this world for much longer, being bought out by Southwest, I doubt the next time I fly to NYC will be through this airport.
I fly over 150,000 miles a year and hold United Airlines Global Services membership, so I have the experience and earned the creds to rate airports.  Even a small airport "Dubbo" in the near outback of Australia rates better than the poor pathetic excuse and frankly, shameful, airport called LaGuardia.  

Upon arrival, there are no escalators to luggage claim area!  Think about it...most people use roller bags, no longer over-the-shoulder garment bags.  So everyone, or practically everyone, has to pick up roller bags and walk down flights of stairs.  

On the way back to the airport, the signage has not been updated.  United is located in concourse C, not B, as the freeway signs lead you to believe.  It led my cab driver the other day to drop me off at B when I told him he needs to go down to C.  It happens every other time that I have had to educate cab and limo drivers.

The terminal buildings are old and smelly...yes, smelly of mildew and urine.  The ceilings are low and full of stained tiles.  The concourses are small and narrow and I wondered how these newsstands and eateries that clog the hallways pass the local fire code for life safety egress requirement?!  

Even United Airlines could not fit their United Club lounge in the concourse and had to locate it BEFORE the security checkpoints, which is very inconvenient for frequent fliers, as we don't want to fight long security lines after we get some work done in the airline lounge.  

How sad for a world-class city of New York!
Decrepit and impossible to get to quickly, but there are some pluses.  Parking is easier than at JFK, service doubles the JFK standard (here, a solid "3" of 10).  The stench of this airport has discouraged any attempt to find food.  Absolutely among the worst airports, large or small, that I've ever been unfortunate enough to fly from or to.
What, what's this: Check-ins don't open for another hour? OR food places?
?!?!?! This is an AIRPORT.  It gets more traffic than a HOSPITAL. So um, please stay open like a 7-Eleven!

Alright, I'll SLEEP for an hour.


UNITED is not the same as US AIRWAYS???

Fuck! What the hell is wrong with me?

Oh wait, it's 4:30am.

THE US AIRWAYS AREA IS IN A BLDG LIKE 20 MINS AWAY, WALKING?!?
AND I HAVE TO WALK OUTIDE IN THE COLD TO GET THERE???

Oh, well at least there's only 2 people in front of me for baggage check.
22 MINUTES GO BY.  

AHHHH!!!!

Finally check, get thru, etc etc etc.
Only Dunkin Donuts is open. Great. Because I love nothing more than drinking something that I am clearly viciously allergic to--coffee!

Ok, where's the restroom?
Oh my fkm god, it's a SAUNA in here!!! At LEAST 80F. No joke. 

Ran out promptly after finishing, only to realize that with my coat & sweater on, this entire AIRPORT was so hot that I was panting, and then hyperventalated for about 5 mins. 

GET ME OUT!
I lost my flight because I did not know where my terminal was.  There weren't enough clear signs and even when we asked around, we were confused because the arrows weren't very clear.  By the time we got to the check in desk, we missed our flight and had to wait another 4 hours.  The airport itself is pretty average sized and we didn't have much choice of places to eat.  Most of the foods were snacks like wetzel pretzel and dunkin donuts.  I'm pretty sure I saw a mouse run across the back of my friend's seat too.. Next time, I will be flying from JFK.
Worst airport experience of my life.  Yeah am talking to you Delta/United Airlines Terminal. You ripped me off, instead of charging me for one check-in bag, you charged me for two and got away with it. Delta/United has the worst customer service ever. They did not only failed to refund me, they fail to respond to their customers too. I literally had to write a two page letter to receive some sort of response. Your staff at LGA dropped the ball big time. So to the dude that ripped me off, lay off the f*ck*ng drugs, you screwed up big time mofo. So Delta/United Terminal @ LGA, I abhor you!
You know, I loved most every part of New York. Except LaGuardia airport.

Doesn't a world class city deserve a world class airport? Jesus CHRIST. I hope you all like Hudson News food, because that's all there really is aside from an Auntie Annes. 

The ceilings are really low and it felt like there was a standing room only type of situation around the gates. It made me kind of claustrophobic and anxious. 

Security wasn't terrible and the location of our gate was pretty straight forward, but ugh. What a dingy, run down place. This airport is in serious need of a facelift. Yucko.
Try your best to avoid this airport. Service was so slow. It was seriously ridiculous, it took an hour to get 30 people through security. It's old and trashy with pretty much nothing in it. No places to eat really, just little snack stops. Worst airport I've ever been to.
Dislike this airport with a passion. Always delayed. Not enough food options. Public transportation here is a hike and a half. Skip and go JFK all the way!
Awful. The screeners are slow and seem to hate their job. The overall feel of the place is that no one cares and it seems like a dump of an airport. No one is happy and planes are late right and left!
TSA

Me           _____             
 |              |           |   _[]    [__]    O  O
O   O  O  |    O    |    O       |__  /|\  /|\
/|\   /|\  /|\  |   \ | /   |    /|\            |  / \  / \
/ \   / \  / \  |    / \    |    / \


                                  Next!      *whispering*
      Me       _____      /                   /   \
        |        |            |  _[]      [__]    O  O
 O   O  O  |    O     |   O          |__ /|\  /|\
 /|\   /|\  /|\  |   \ | /    |   /|\               | / \  / \
 / \   / \  / \  |    / \     |   / \


                                 Next!       Hold on...
         Me    _____       /                  |
           |     |            |   _[]      [__]    O   O
O  O  O    |            |    O         |__  /|\   /|\
/|\  /|\  /|\    |            |    /|\              |  / \   / \
/ \  / \  / \    |            |    / \


                                     We need to rescan
                                     that girl's carry on.
        Me  _____                         /
          |   |            |   _[]      [__]   O   O
O O  O  |            |    O         |__ /|\   /|\
/|\ /|\ /|\   |            |    /|\             |  / \   / \
/ \ / \ / \   |            |    / \


                             You! Step
Oh come             to the side!
   on!!     _____        /          
         \     |            |   _[]    
O O O   |            |  _O  
/|\ /|\ /|\   |            |     |\  
/ \ / \ / \   |            |    / \


You've been 
randomly 
selected...
   \                   LOL "random", 
    \                  that's cute.
    []_                /
    O               O
    /|\               /|\
    / \               / \


We need 
to double
check you.      Yea yea, I know 
       \                the procedure.
      []_             /
      O_i      _O_
      /|             |
      / \           / \

*Cue Marvin Gaye* 

   ???
     \            .......
      []_         /
      O_i   _O_
      /|          |
      / \        / \


               What? I thought 
               we'd spice it
               up this time? 
               ...no...?               
      []_        /
      O        O
      /|\i      \ | /
      / \        / \


Ok, you're
good to go.
   \                  Same time 
    \                 next month?
      []_            /
      O           O
      /|\           /|\
      / \           / \
----------------------------------------------------

I come through this airport at least once a 
month to visit my family in Cleveland. Every 
single time I'm "randomly" selected to get 
frisked. Every. Single. Time. Because if there 
was 1 flight my peeps would plan to attack, 
it'd definitely be the 1 going to Cleveland. 
Yea, that'll show America!
My boyfriend was scheduled to leave LGA to come back home to SFO and they cancelled his flight and said they could only get him out monday which doesnt work because he has to be at work. So they airline said they couldnt help him with a hotel because it was the airport/air traffic controls fault. What is someone with little money supposed to do in that situation. You think the money grubbing airport pukes would help no, now he has to sit on a train for an hour to go out to long island and then come back to to JFK because thats the only place we could find another ticket last minute, first thing in the morning. Completely unacceptable!!
Never ever ever ever ever again. This airport is mass chaos with severely limited amenities and OLD OLD OLD. NYC at its total worst.  Did I mention the jetway wouldn't work??  To bad I can't give a zero rating.
I only use this airport if I absolutely have to.! Unfortunately.. I have been here many, many times..

It has to be one of the worst airports i have ever been to. The layout is horrible and definitely at terminal B concourse C.. It appears to be the concourse that time forgot!!

There are very few food choices or shops. You are practically guaranteed to have delays... and I mean delays so bad... even if you leave the terminal to the runway.. the odds are very high the pilot will tell you you are 25th in line.. Yeah... that isn't a typo!

I have ben to the delta terminal here.. which is slightly better than this one

All in all... stay  away
I hate this  airport for so many reasons.

1.  The main food court is before you go through security.  Why is this?  People come here only to eat?  
2.  Food choices after security are pretty limited because when you are trapped in an airport for hours who needs food.
3.  It's old.
4.  It's rundown.
5. My flight had one hour of waiting on the tarmac time BUILT INTO the flight time and we still didn't get to take off, had to come back to the gate after 3 hours.
6.  Traffic getting here is awful.
7.  Flights are always delayed and canceled.
8.  When you are stuck here, there is nothing to do, look at or eat.

There is one reason I like it
-There are lots of plugs on chairs to charge your phone 

I was here from noon to 8:30 with a 3 hour break sitting in a plane on the tarmac last Sunday.  Then they canceled my flight due to weather.

I need to look into train travel to NYC.
I have to say Newark maybe the only place worse than this. 

It is a smaller airport so you can go thru security relatively quickly but planes are always really late the people are kind of clueless.

If your not the best at flying you will not like the heavy turn that planes have to take to turn back into the airport upon arrival.
I hate this airport. My gate constantly gets changed and my flight delayed without even a PA announcement! There's also absolutely no food behind the security check -- only Auntie Anne's... Enough said. No food, mess up my flight. The only thing that redeemed them was the fact that they didn't lose my bags... Not much to applaud really.
When someone says airport, one might think about airplanes. When someone says LaGuardia Airport to me, I get disgusted and think about mice!

That's right mice! While waiting to board our plane for about 1 hour, there was a couple of mice running around the sitting area. Everyone was freaking out and putting their feet up to not be bothered by these uninvited mice. That has to be one of the most disgusting things I've seen at a business before! Not only are there mice running around, but this airport looks run down and dirtier than others. Can't imagine eating here now that I think about it...

Do yourself a favor and fly out of JFK if you can help it unless you like mice.
Purgatory.  I hate it here.  I fly into here because it is cheaper.  You get what you pay for.
First time here... Last time here. I'll avoid this airport like the plague. 

I usually fly through JFK but made the mistake of booking a flight that left from LaGuardia instead. Everything from slow check ins to a 1 stall women's bathroom with a piece of paper that is taped to the door that says "FEMALE BATHROOM" made this airport very unpleasant. 

disgusting place
Here are the reasons why I give LGA only 1 star:

TSA is so rude! 
It is very humid inside the terminals during the spring and summer
It is dirty! 
They don't have direct subway access.. i had to jump on a bus
this airport is and always will be boo! I hate this airport! its not as bad as jfk but its not far from that!
This place really needs an upgrade!
As a traveler, this airport sucks.  

Having recently come through on a flight connection I was astounded by:

A: the complete LACK of any signage.  Hello, connecting flights are NOT unusual, not everyone knows every airport inside and out...  which way do we go!

B: A different story from every person we spoke with, and a double heaping side of attitude.  So, since there's ZERO signage, we had to ask.  5 people later (3 of which either blatantly lied, one being a TSA agent), someone finally gave us info that was not only correct, but understandable.  Not talking about language issue here either, this person took the 50 seconds it took to explain.

C: Changing terminals on a connecting flight?  Plan to wait and go through security again.  This is where I lost it, and if it weren't for my wife (I shut the hll up, else I'd probably STILL be detained there), we would have gone no further.  

Ok, I get that the airport was designed before the freedom removal acts that now require security.  I've been to, and through, several of those.  All the rest have adapted and found a way to keep their security from doing work that was already done elsewhere.  Usually a bus system on the "inside" of security.  If that exists, Total and Complete failure on the part of LaGuardia for informing travelers.

D:  Required a locally printed boarding pass (not the one we printed the day before when checking in) to get through security.  Really?  You're killing me here.  Well, why not, this airport has already hit 3 other points I've never seen in the dozens of other airports I've been through over the past 30 years.  Might as well require passengers with a valid boarding pass to wait in line to have Another one printed, then go back and wait in the security line again just to go through screening for the 2nd time in 3 hours.  


Talk about one airport that I'll make sure to avoid.  Worse than London Heathrow.  Welcome to the Bad Apple.
I've had flights booked here a few times against my will. Every time that happens, I just want to curl up into a ball and cry.

Completely painful to get to. There's just no good way unless I dump all my cash on a cab. It has a run down, shoddy feeling. When there's issues with weathers, delays will be long and just having to be in this airport for longer than 30 minutes is a complete and total drag.

This airport also features the worst employees I have ever dealt with in any airport, ever. On top of the employees having attitude, it seems like one out of every three people here is hopelessly confused and extremely frustrated. If you haven't learned this place by now, you'll probably be joining the crowd of confused folks. I know I was one of them at one point.
This is the most disgusting, filthy airport I have ever seen in my entire life.  The bacteria and viruses that must be floating around that place - absolutely horrifying.  After many routine flights from Chicago to the Southwest Airlines terminal at LGA, I second guess myself on why I fail to spend the extra $200 to fly to Islip.

LGA is a dump.  The food sucks, people are rude, floors and seats are gross, there are not enough seats near the gates when it is busy, there are not enough power outlets or charging stations, there is trash on the floor, TSA lines are long.  

Overall, it has been just a miserable experience the three or four times a year I fly there.  The Southwest Airlines gate area (I believe it is Concourse B in the main terminal) is the dirtiest, followed by American and United, on Concourses C and D.

Finally, parts of the airport are always under construction, and has been for 20+ years.  It is a permanent construction site.

The only saving grace is its proximity to Manhattan.

LaGuardia - Please clean and upgrade your airport soon.  It needs it!!
After having the best vacation of my life my love and I ended up here.  The food court, if you want to call it that has about four choices, all of which suck more then the other.  We ordered from a place called "Custom Burger".  It might has well have been called "Custom piece of pavement".   My sweet ordered a burger which looked more like something that I have seen construction crews breaking up on Interstate 95.  I ordered a chicken sandwich which we are both convinced was a left over Filet-O-Fish from the closed down McDonalds.  

We flew into JFK and that is a wonderful airport with plenty of shops and dining options.  We will not be flying into this dump again.  JFK is the way to go.
Horrible. Worst airport I have ever flown out of. I assumed this was a commuter airport and would be a nice alternative to JFK. Was I wrong.
Fuck this piece of shit airport.
Deplorable.  Pathetic.  Inconsiderate.  Unprofessional.  Pissy Attitude.  I mean, I can go on but man this place just gave me the worst experience ever when it comes to renting a dumb car.  How hard is it to get your system to print out a stupid reservation and give me a car?  Once I got the car after waiting 45 mins, I drive over to the airport to pick up my kids and the trunk will not close.  AT ALL.  I slowly track back to the rental facility to be greeted by a misrable man, who gave me an attitude when I asked him to give me an upgrade.  Not just that, fine...get me the same car...get me a GD horse wagon, I dont care...I just want to be out of this wretched facility of yours.  WOW was this place bad!
New York can't do anything right, and this horrible (excuse for an) airport is certainly no exception.

Everything in NYC is a third world disgusting shithole, and this airport certainly reflects that. Donald Trump called LaGuardia a third world airport, and he's absolutely right. Honestly, this entire airport needs to be completely remodeled, because it's terrible.

There's no direct train link to the airport, in the city that touts its public transportation and subway system as being the "best in the world" (typical egotistical, delusional New Yorkers with their inflated egos, just like a guy with small genitals trying to overcompensate for it). Your only option for public transportation at the airport is to get on a bus more packed than a rush hour train in Tokyo with the rude driver yelling at you to move to the back of the bus when it's already jam-packed with people and you're squished up against the wall. Welcome to NYC, the shithole of the universe.

The food options are abysmal both before and after security. The airport is the only place that you can bend over and pay $5 for a bottle of water because they know you're trapped and don't have any other options (my god, they must make over $100 in profit per 24 pack of water). There is always a long security line, a long line to use the bathroom, etc. The airport is also dirty, like everything else in NYC. Honestly, the airport (and the entire city) needs to be power washed and hosed down.

Oh, you're tired and exhausted and want to sit down at your gate? Forget about it. All of the seats are already taken by tired tourists and rude asshole New Yorkers.

There's also only TWO runways, meaning only one can be used for landing and one for takeoff. That means it can take your flight up to ONE HOUR after its scheduled departure time to takeoff from LaGuardia, just because there's a huge backlog of planes waiting to leave due to LaGuardia's shitty design and general inefficiency.

This airport can make a perfectly sane person frustrated and psychotic in no time.

In summation, it's a third world airport in a third world New York Shitty (er, city).
This is the worst airport I've been to in a long, long time. There's seriously no place to eat at in the Southwest terminal (Unless you want some food from the bar off a hot plate). This place is SERIOUSLY crowded and there is a seat for probably 2 out of 3 people. I think they used the same math the Titanic used for their life boats.

I counted 4 outlets I tried that were either not working or had been used so much, the plug wouldn't stay in. There seems no rush to fix anything around here either...not a surprise - it's NY.

If you want to charge a phone or iPad here good luck... Outlets are hard to come by. Also, there are 3 urinals for entire B Terminal. Mental.

If you have to fly out of here...do it...just eat before you get here.
This review is based on my experiences over the last five plus years at terminal B, concourse B. I feel as though livestock in third world countries get treated better  than people do at this facility. This pit of an airport may be one of the top 10 worst airports in the world. As an American and as a New Yorker, I'm ashamed of its existence. Signs above gates aren't digital, rarely updated. Delays are rampant. Sparse food options in concourse. Two main gate areas are far apart and for some reason Southwest gate agents will only process any changes to your ticket at one of two "info desks," which are far apart and long lines inevitably ensue. One men's bathroom, always in unspeakable condition. Most of the seating is in long hallway away from gate. Southwest, during IROPs didn't make announcements, creating long lines and people having to run between info desks for answers/resolutions. During one such IROP, gate agents were making fun of passengers whose flights were just cancelled. I waited in line for--no exaggeration--two hours to find out where my checked baggage ended up after flight was cancelled. The overall condition of the concourse (seats, walls) is dilapidated. The food in the food court before security is overpriced even by airport standards. I like to think if there's a hell and it has a waiting room, this concourse is it.
Ah LaGuardia! You're the epitome of a bad airport, correction, the worst airport in the entire continent. Congratulations on earning this notorious honor! And you deserve it every bit. You welcome all your guests with a dysfunctional revolving door. I mean, shouldn't the entry doors be automatic without travelers having to push it with three bags to manage? Never mind. If the crumbling interior, horrible staff with their attitudes, painful baggage check-in process didn't already give you enough disgust to chew on until you board your flight, don't worry. You still have to clear the security check and there's a motherlode of disgust waiting to be embraced there. 

Now the terminals. You'd be forgiven if you mistook them for some poorly managed cattle sheds. There isn't much difference between them anyway. If you have claustrophobia, this will be your nemesis. And if the flight delays and hours of waiting on the tarmac make you want to throw up, please feel free to use the brown paper bag in front of your seat. Enjoy your flight!
This is ultimately the airport's problem but the airlines could help the situation by not perpetuating the foul-up. American uses terminal B. But their flight status in their website says terminal D. They mean concourse D in terminal B. Four terminals with names that are the same as four concourses in one of those terminals. How much time is lost to this per year? Do the other carriers disambiguate this?

Signage is pretty bad too.
The star is for Mexijoe's, who serve the absolute worst tacos ever. Please don't do it. Way over priced for tasteless meat, smothered in tasteless guac and sour cream. Total joke. I ate half of one before throwing out the lot and going to five guys. Just go to five guys. I really wanted Chipotle, and Mexijo's is not that, or anything at all. I hope they rot.
Why? Go through Philly if you can afford it! Nigerians prey on the weak here!
It is an airport it will get you where you need to go.. but the TSA agents here all are loud and unprofessional. It can be a nervewracking time standing in the security line with no shoes balancing your bags, coats, laptop, quart-sized zipper bag of tiny bottles of liquid and wondering if you are gonna have to get gropped. On top of that they always make you feel guilty even if you are clean and you are always nervous about it taking too long and missing your flight. The girl checking passports kept turning and talking with the metal detector girl so it was taking twice as long at that point. When i gave her my ticket and driver's license she made a bunch of noises and mumbled something. When I said "I'm sorry what?" she sucked her teeth and rudly said "This aint look like you!" I said "Um well that is me, I just have lost a few pounds and got a hair cut" she looked at me, looked at the card, looked at me and said "well it dont look like you" and then just stared at me with pursed lips and a "what you gonna do about it" look for what seemed like forever. Finally after an uncomfortable and irritable pause I suggested that maybe I could show her another form of ID, luckily i had my student ID with me with a pic that looked a little closer to how I did at the time.

After that nonsense i got to unload all my stuff on the belt while the other TSA agents near the screening thing and metal detector all cackled and shouted to eachother and literally made fun of passengers and yelled at them. I though this poor middle-aged asian business  man behind me was gonna have a heart attack because they were stressing him out yelling commands at him like he was a child. Then they said something about passengers being so stupid and i had to bite my tongue cause i didnt wanna miss my flight and get anal probed or water boarded or whatever they do there in the room. 

Finally we get through the metal detector and then it happened.... a girl behind him had forgotten to take her kleen canteen water bottle out of her book bag... honest mistake right? well the lady running the scanner made it seem like the biggest deal in the world. she literally stops the belt and yells out "Oh hell no! Uh-uh! Miss look at this! LOOK AT THIS! Look at what yo did..." and on and on like a fucking drama queen for literally 2-3 minutes while the poor girl is trying to apologize and tell her to just throw it out.  Meanwhile the stressed out asian man behind me is straining his arm to reach his bag which has cleared the scanner but is still in that covered part of the belt. Of course the bitchy metal detector girls start yelling at him. I said "He's trying to get his bag they aren't moving the belt" then they told me to mind my business and move along. So i did.

That is a pretty intense scene but it is pretty normal there. Oh and the place is dirty and most terminals are pretty shitty for food options and forget about outlets. I love New York but this part of it is crap!
I had to walk across a floor with no shoes on and there wasn't anything to wipe my feet with once I passed through TSA.  I'll be sending the airport a doctors bill should I develop a weird foot fungus
This airport is way old and dirty!  They need to bulldoze it and start over.  The Delta airlines area was a bit better and slightly updated more so than the general airport.  I really disliked LGA because people were not as friendly as the mid-west and it was so dirty.  The floor needed a scrap with a shovel, mop and then polished by a sand blaster.  The bathrooms were terribly dirty too.  Send someone in to clean hourly people.  We couldn't wait to get back to BUF!
Horrible experience. Totally disorganized. Waited forever to get bags checked. Hot, I guess they can't afford AC. Personnel was rude. Flights were delayed everywhere. Gate agent told my husband we weren't going to make our connecting flight because of delays. He didn't even have the arrival time correct. Talk about creating a stressful situation.
I don't usually swear in my reviews, but this time I don't feel I have any choice.
I also don't usually review airports, because they're all basically the same... or so I thought.
This place is a shithole! Wow! The tiny airport in Newport News, VA is nicer than this dump! I've even been to airports in third world countries that are at least as nice as this one.
Where to begin...?
The hallways are too narrow and extremely crowded. 
Once you get past security (C gates) there are NO DRINKS and no restaurant options. Maybe they should advertise that fact for those of us that are unfortunate enough to spend two hours here!
They CHARGE for wi-fi! What is this, 2004??
The service is virtually nonexistent.
It's HOT AS HELL in here! They've brought in portable air conditioners that are next to useless. 
I have never seen an airport anywhere in America that rivals LaGuardia's absolute incompetence, discomfort and lack of redeeming qualities. 
Next time I'll pay the extra $300 to get a direct flight or otherwise avoid getting stuck here again.
P.S. My two hour layover turned into a ridiculously long 5 hours, which made me miss my connecting flight... of course. Why did I expect anything less?
I flew into the Delta terminal and out through Southwest.  The Delta portion was at best OK.  So they added ipads.  It's still cramped feeling and over-crowded.  On the positive side it was easy to get a cab and get out of there.

The Southwest terminal was nothing short of awful.  As some other reviewers had mentioned, it's hard to believe this was in the US.  Dirty with narrow seating areas, low ceilings with apparently little to no air conditioning.  The staff people I dealt with were rude and totally disinterested in providing service.   There are very limited food options and they're stuffed to the rafters with people making getting actual help almost impossible.  

I've never flown in to JFK but I think in the future I'd try to avoid this one.
Pathetic!  
Disgusting!
A true embarrassment for folks visiting NYC.  This place just needs to either go away or be leveled and start from scratch.  I hate this airport.  Avoid it at all costs.  

Pro's: Nothing
Con's: Everything
The worst airport on the planet.  If pits had pits, they would look like LGA.  C'mon-long term parking lots are sold out by 6AM Monday morning??  What are you supposed to do?  The bathrooms are unspeakable, the food is hotel robbery, and the staff of all the airlines act like government workers.  What a disaster.
This airport is terrible. Very old, dingy, and run down. It is small and is always packed which makes this place feel even worse. For being a major New York airport, it is extremely disappointing. This place needs some serious renovations and fast. 

Also, there's no free, fast Wi-Fi which, in this ever connected world, is ridiculous.
What a nightmare. I'm shocked that the average for this airport are 2.5 stars. How did it rate that high? 

Why, oh why did I fly in and out of LaGuardia? I have always flown in and out of JFK for NYC visits, this time, taking a less expensive option for a work budget. Never again. I'd rather hitchhike from Newark. 

As Ron W. so eloquently stated in his review, "TSA was pretty much a shit-show". How do these people get their jobs? They were horrible to everyone, similar to the DMV, and then got mad when the lines became super long. As I say about the DMV staff, if you don't like your job, go get another one. TSA, do the same. The staff were complaining the entire time, and were spraying deodorizing spray in the air after each passenger went through without their shoes off. You could smell cheap potpourri scent entering the security area from the entrance. I guess they do this all day? 

The airport is completely old and yucky. None of the flight boards were updated, so I actually relied on my mobile to give me updates about the numerous delays we experienced. The floors all along Terminal B were sticky and smelled of urine. I was afraid to roll my bag on its floor, and contemplated burning my shoes when I got home. 

Bathrooms? Oh god, just don't go there. Trust me, you would rather use the bathroom on the plane. Not a joke. 

Food options? As we sat waiting for hours at the airport through delay after delay, there were little options for food and no alcohol at our terminal. If you are having an awful experience at an airport, at least you could have some alcohol to numb the situation. Negative.

I vow, from this point forward, to do everything in my power to never walk into LaGuardia airport again. Ever.
This is probably the most confusing airport in US. The directions leading to the airport terminals are very misleading.  If you are going to pick up or drop off someone whose boarding pass says D3 and you think you can go to terminal D, you are wrong. That D stands for D concourse in Terminal B.  I wonder which smarty pants came up with the idea of naming both the terminals and concourses A, B, C, D. To make it worse, there are no airline names on the boards leading to the terminals.

I have been to this airport once to pick up someone years ago and remember getting lost. During my recent visit, I had one New Yorker coming to pick me up and another dropping me off. Both of them got lost.

After you realize you are at the wrong terminal, when you try to come back to Central Terminal, it is not easy to get into the passenger drop-off/pick up lanes. Somehow, you will end up in the taxi lane. You will see a lot of private cars going for this round through terminal D and then to the taxi lane in terminal B. It is such a mess. 

It doesn't get any better once you get inside the terminal. In the B terminal concourse C, gates are numbered in an odd sequence : C2, C1, C4, C3 etc. 

Funniest experience was at the restroom. You will see an arrow saying "Restrooms (Men and Women)" pointing to the women's restroom. If you blindly follow that arrow into the restroom without paying attention to the sign near the door, you will land up in the women's restroom. My wife did see a man in the women's restroom. Being the smart man, I did see the sign near the door and stopped to look around for the men's restroom which couldn't be seen. After walking further I found it hidden behind a pillar.

This is one of those airports that add fun to your trip by testing your navigational capabilities....which is a good thing if you have extra time to spare.
The worst airport in the USA, it's smelly dirty and closes whenever it sprinkles .
And no train to connect it to manhattan .
Were you ever told that if you can't say anything nice, you shouldn't say anything at all?  If I was taking that advice, I wouldn't be writing this review, because I have nothing nice to say.

Flying into LGA was a horrible experience.  Not getting to fly out of LGA was a horrible experience.  Let me explain.

LGA cannot handle all of the traffic they get.  My flight into LGA was delayed 25 minutes.  Then on the way in, we circled LGA for 30 minutes because they were so backed up at the gate that our plane was not allowed to land.  Our pilot told us that if we weren't allowed to land soon, we would have to go to Harrisburg to refuel.  I don't even want to think about how late we would have been then.  Then when we finally landed, we waited another 30 minutes for a gate.  Then there was another long wait for luggage.  I had been scheduled to get into LGA at 4:30; by the time I actually got my luggage, it was 7.  Then there was a 25 minute wait for a Super Shuttle.

On the morning of my return flight, I got a text saying that my flight was being delayed 1.5 hours.  This was going to cause me to miss my connecting flight and not get home that day.  Frontier told me that this was again because LGA was too busy, so air traffic control was making them delay flights.  Frontier had no other flights out of LGA (for good reason, I think).  Fortunately they were able to rebook me on a flight from JFK.  JFK is not an awesome airport either, but it's much better than LGA.
This place is like an airport in a developing country. Especially the cheapo terminal with southwest and sprit in it, what a sad disaster. The terminal is so small and dark, low ceilings and very few options for food. The security lines go by store entrances because there's no space for them, and no area after the checkpoint to put back on all your belts and shoes and stuff. Waiting at the gate for boarding, the announcement speakers were left on or something so this loud feedback/buzzing noise was playing the WHOLE time. Also, it's 7am, we don't need the a/c on full blast.

Of course, what do they care about these reviews, their customers are the airlines not us.
You can land here but for those who have to hang out here. I feel for you. Its ugly, virtually no shopping, comforts, or distractions of any kind. They really need to just take a wrecking ball to this place like much of the dwindling infrastructure of NYC.
This place is a rats nest. No one speaks clearly, there's no A/C, there's no where to sit down, and the place is an overall joke of an airport. I've been to the airport in Savannah, GA; and laguardia makes that place feel like the Taj Mahal. 

For being a major airport in NYC, this place should be a lot nicer; not to mention 10X bigger. A classless, stressful, pathetic, embarrassment of a public space.
This place is a total uncoordinated mess. The check in was relatively slick, but once you make it past the baggage check you're basically an animal in a high powered sauna... No need to pop a Molly, the sweat will have started naturally.

The power strips here are dysfunctional; about half work and the other half are loose. Maybe one or two are good, I don't know because I haven't found them. People looking for charging kiosks only to find them full. One kid was charging his phone under the god damn pay phones and that had the best spot despite sitting on dirty floors.

The announcers on the PA telling flight times and updates might as well be outsourced to china town. Cannot understand your English very well guys; hook these workers up with Rosetta Stone or something.

My delayed flight was bad but that can't be controlled by the airport. The reason I'm writing this review in the first place is because the service was below average and the environment is like an overcrowded pig pen. Nofa king air conditioning and mirages of functioning power strips was infuriating AF.

Workers were efficient at check in but past that, this place needs some serious help. Hell half the side panels were loose on the seating. The interior needs some major renovation.

Unorganized, chaotic, lack of power strips, and the sauna-like atmosphere will make anyone want to GTFOH ASAP (rocky)!
Seriously.. I hate this airport. I wanted to be friends La Guardia.... really, I did. 

But... 
You have the rudest employees. 
You are filthy (take a bath.... please)! 
Get my flight out on time. Even just on the right day. Just get me out of here....
Get WIFI... what's wrong with you?!
What is that smell?!

La Guardia airport is airport hell. 
And LGA... it's you, not me.....
Flew into LGA when visiting Manhattan. 

This airport and its gates are confusing as hell. Who the hell designed this place? Two gates named A,B,C? Why can't you just number them like a REAL airport.

The food is horrible inside, for being New York. New York has some of the best food in the world, and you stick crap in your airport.

Your airport is showing serious AGE, freaking update it. For being one of the major airports in one of our country's most popular cities, its a JOKE.

Your airport makes San Diego City airport look like were from the future, and our airport sucks.
Noooooo!

Outdated. Food options are scarce. Dirty bathrooms. 

If you're stuck here for 2 hours ... well, good luck.
One of the world's most dangerous airports.  The horror stories.  The crashes, the runway congestion.  We all remember the Hudson River landing. The lack of onsite airport parking.  The delays--sheesus.  I'm a Pros vs Cons kinda dude but we are swimming in the deep end of cons on this review.  Thank goodness this is no longer my primary airport anymore.  Anytime I travel, it was based on getting in and out of this airport because you have to plan everything around here unless you use the other options.

Scary, Scary, The Amityville of airports 

Grade: a "FLYING" F!
The food selection here sucks. What the hell are they thinking? They want to charge us $7 for an order of fries at their stupid stuck up bar and grills. Where the hell is Burger King? 5 bucks for water. Screw this place.
I just cannot stand the NYC area airports.  They are horrendous.  LaGuardia is yet another shining example of the hideousness that are NYC airports. The quick and dirty of it (pun intended with the dirty remark):
-  The food options blow nasty, third world country, dirty goat bottoms
-  The restaurants are limiting and disgusting

So, why eat at them?

-  Flights to and from this airport are like 75% delayed and the other 25% cancelled. I see comments about American flights and then I fly Delta so it is Delta flights too.  In fact, I remember looking on my Delta app the last time I flew through here and saw that my flight was 48% on time.  I am a pretty frequent traveller and I have never seen a number below 50%.  It's like they strive for the most inefficient things possible at LaGuardia.

Just."Plane".Bad.
OMG the TSA officers at LGA are horribly rude! it is their job to point directions to you yet they act like they doing you a favor!
I go to LaGuardia only if I need a flight that isn't available from Newark.  If you are going to LaGuardia you should be prepared to make a day of it.  Many flights are delayed.  And no one knows anything about it.  The food there is bland and overpriced.  It isn't worth driving to LaGuardia from New Jersey to save 20 bucks on a flight.
LaGuardia blocks your phone from getting data.  Hey, I already pay for my unlimited phone and you're blocking it to sell me your $7.95 internet access.  I'm fine if you don't want to give me free Wi-Fi, but to block what I've already paid for?  That's nervy.  I can imagine the protests here late Friday afternoon during a thunderstorm with hundreds of delayed passenger not able to check their email.  This is insane.

A smaller problem is the new design where the tables are set up with little Ipad-like devices around café tables.  There are now half (or fewer) places to sit down.  How does this make sense?  There are fewer seats in the gate area than seats on the plane.  I'm saddened as a New Yorker to see such an utter design fail at one of our major gateways.  How did this happen?
I really dislike this airport. I would avoid it at all cost.The shops inside are nice, but expensive. If my company didn't utilize DELTA as their main airline to travel with I would never use this airport again.
I'd rather be flying out of JFK.
LaGarbage.  Easily the most run down major airport in the country.  Where to start?!

The Terminals:  The central terminal B is just plain dirty.  The past couple of years the ceiling have been leaking pretty bad.  And the fix for this has been big tarps with a hose that guides leaks into a trash can in the middle of the terminal.  Classy!!  At night many homeless people like to take shelter in the terminal and security doesn't seem to mind. The only thing this terminal has going for it is Five Guys Burgers.  Delta seems to be the only ones trying to make something of this place with the MAT (Marine Air Terminal A) and there new terminal on the east end of the airport.  If you are flying delta shuttle out of the MAT it's very small making it very convenient and comfortable.  The lounge at the MAT has nice leather chairs and many charge stations.  Deltas new terminal is very futuristic including iPads at each table for ordering food and playing games.

Transportation:  Many people are able to deal with LGAs filth because they enjoy it's proximity to the city.  Good luck getting into Manhattan in under an hour!  The grand central parkway is always backed up with traffic from all of the construction.  And the most complex subway system in the world failed to link up with both of its major airports.  Have fun waiting on the bus!   Well maybe you can walk out of the front door and grab a cab?  Not without waiting in an endless line to get one.  Transportation between each terminal is pathetic.  None of them link up.  maybe you have a connection between Delta and Delta Shuttle.  Well it's going to take you a half hour because the MAT is literally  on the other side of the airport and the Route A bus is very inconsistent.

Runway configuration:  unlike most major airports with between 4-6 parallel runways LGA only has 2 and they intersect.  So timing with departing traffic on one runway and arriving traffic on the other causes huge delays.  And in high wind conditions only one runway will be useable for both departures and arrivals causing double the time to get in and out.  Also only 1 of the runways has the equipment required to land in poor visibility and low cloud layers.  It almost seems like 1 rain drop or snow flake and this place shuts down.
Can I give it negative stars? Why even bother to review this place? I think everyone on the planet is already aware that LGA resides in the 7th layer of hell. Long lines, dirty, lack of food options, totally irrational and circuitous roads to go in between terminals and habitual delays/cancellations. Construction in parking area has also recently added an additional inconvenience for people who do day/short-term parking at the terminals. Everyone loves walking 25 minutes to get their vehicle after a day of flying......also need to gripe about the rental car location and lack of signage to get there. I know JFK is further away from the city, but subway access to that airport and the fact that it's just a WAY better looking and better run airport makes it worth the journey!
13 years after 9-11 and these clowns can't figure out how to allow passengers to make connections without suffering redundant security searches.

Pathetic
The only reason this airport gets 1 star is because it will get you from point A to point B eventually. This airport like most airports post signs everywhere " if you see something say something" I'd like to say incompetence is every where you look. I saw an aging out dated ill equip  airport not capable of handle travelers any time of year.  It is filthy ! Restrooms are few and far between. Go before you get there! Eat before you get there! Bathe after! I been to 3rd world countries whose airports are better. If your flying to America for the first time and this is what you see don't judge the rest of the country on this dump site. Better yet if you need to fly into New York use another airport.
Laguardia is the worst airport. Disorganized. AirTran is the worst airline, worst flight experience of my life. Extreme turbulence, terrible landing. Rude workers.
Yeesh! Don't fly Delta through here at a busy time unless you want to stress out. The concourse prior to bag check was much too crowded and chaotic. Thankfully, the airline understood this and Sarah still made her flight, but I wouldn't want to go through this stress again
What a dump! I get online for security and pull out my cell phone to show my ticket. And sure enough, they make you pay for internet! Really???? So I had to get out of line and print a ticket. It's 2014 but you cannot tell there!

Then the place itself is old, dirty, ugly...you get the point.
Oh my....is there a worse airport?  If there is I haven't found it in all of my travels. Dingy, depressing, complete goat screw....insert your favorite adjective here?  There isn't a place at this airport to hunker down and actually pass time. Unless you think of Dunkies as a quality establishment.

I always try to avoid LaGuardia, but those cheap ass fares always suck me back in. Kind of like The Godfather....once I think I'm out they drag me back in!  Do yourself a favor and try JFK or drive a bit further to Newark.
While some terminals have improved aesthetically over the last couple of years, this still remains far and away THE WORST. AIRPORT. IN THE HISTORY. OF THE WORLD!!!!!!! This place is still a dump and fails to operate as a fully functioning airport.
This airport is a dump.  Quite frankly, I was surprised since this is NY.  The airport in Cancun, MX is nicer than this....that isn't saying much.
Hate this airport with a passion! I've been scarred for life! In all my years of traveling (I've traveled quite a lot for my age) I have never had such a bad experience as the one I had at this airport. Not only was my flight severely delayed to the point where my connection would be missed, but the staff working for Southwest/AirTran suck! Though they were nice, they were not helpful at all! I think they need to retrain their staff. Rebooking my flight for the following day took way too long to do and the guy lumped us all together as if we were all traveling together and all wanted the same flight! So weird! Not to mention they never sent my luggage out like they reassured me they would!!! The following day, I was so surprised when I did not see my stuff at baggage claim. Why do they not have a tracking system for luggage?! It's 2014 for crying out loud! Ugh. Horrible horrible experience. Never flying out of this airport again!
This airport is an absolute dump. Think of any reasonably nice airport, imagine the exact opposite, and you get LGA. The low exposed ceilings revealing ductwork make for claustrophobic and stuffy terminals. TSA lines can be long, and there are no decent post-security food options. 

There is just not enough seating by the gates, so you'll have to navigate around people aimlessly standing and waiting for their flights, or who have resorted to just sitting on the floor. If you can fly into or out of JFK or EWR instead, definitely do so.
There wasn't an option to give this airport no stars so I went with 1. Flying Southwest today and this is my first time departing from LGA. The line to check bags was slower than most airports I fly in and out of and it doesn't help you have to carry your bags to a separate area to have them check after you go through the check in process. When you get to Gate B the security lines are LONG and SLOW. Terminal B has low ceilings and very few food options and good luck finding a seat while you wait for your plane. I saw 2 small charging stations. Overall this airport needs a major overhaul, especially for being the gateway to NYC
Wow. What an old fashioned and uncomfortable airport. Looks like it is 1980 here. Bad 1980. Bad food options. Bad seating. Dirty. 

Will try an alternate airport next time!
Conveniently located near Riker's Island, this airport might as well be part of the prison.  NYC has a lot going for it, but LaGuardia should take a cue from the rest of the city and think bigger, better, trendier.  I don't know if this place has been updated since it was built.  I always try to arrive as late as possible so I don't have to sit around in this place which feels like a cesspool of human despair.
Worse airport ever! A bit of a chaos, feels old and dirty and I can't even feel the air conditioning working. From now on we are going to do our best to avoid this place.
VP Joe Biden is correct, a third world airport for the greatest city in the world makes no sense. No easy way to get there, confusing layout and depressing environment. Hate arriving home late at LGA, its downright scary.
It's a hell-hole. 3rd world country, yes. You feel as if you are being herded in and possibly reach approval to escape the area. Filthy, smelly, physically dangerous, confusing. Friends missed entrance - but we ate a good meal - prepared! Coming back? Bigger horror show - could not find way out of terminal to meet our ride - employees ignored us, were clueless, or vaguely pointed the way in different directions. Wi-Fi???? What the hell for - the object is to get out any way you can. This place should be razed to the ground - Newark and JFK are fine.
Hate this airport!!! Feels so dingy and third world. Lines are always insane, staff is very unqualified and inefficient.Security is a total joke. There were not even enough seats in the terminal i spent 2 hours on my feet (pregnant I might add) because of delays. I asked an employee to find me a seat and was completly ignored   It makes an already nervous flyer even more anxious. I would rather pay for more expensive tickets that go through JFK.
Be proud, New York, you have the equivalent of a washing machine on your front porch. What a fracking dump.
As a lifelong New Yorker, we needed to use LGA many times and I can assure you that I would rather have my teeth pulled without the use of novacaine or any other reasonable anesthesia. Joe Biden called this a third world airport and, for once, I agree with the veep. LGA is a cesspool of smells, nastiness, delays and depravity. You would think that NYC should have a world class airport but see for yourself that LGA is the worst of the worst. If I had the option to give it negative stars, I would have. To sum it up, I would rather walk to my destination with someone kicking me in the rear with a spike toed boot, would rather lick their bathroom walls, would rather willingly watch " The Notebook " and would rather bang my head on concrete than exploit myself to dealing with the mind-splitting headache that is known as the toilet bowl in Queens, LGA.
This place is like a scene out of I am Legend... By far the worst airport I've ever been to. Just seems as if no effort goes into this place and they do the bare minimum to keep it running. Lack of food options, lack of clean bathrooms, unfriendly employees and just an overall not inviting airport. 

I'm now determined to pay extra money to fly from either JFK or Newark just so I can avoid the headache of this place. 

The worst.
This airport is so old and crowded its a joke.

Lines for taxis are so long that I had to get a bus to Astoria and then a subway . Not good when you have 2 bags.

Seriously can't gey my head around NYC airports. They are so begind the times with food , shopping and transportation.


First and hopefully last time here for me.
Obsolete airport.

Inefficient, cramped, crowded.

The fact that this airport hasn't kept up with the times is utterly shameful.  China is surely laughing at us with this piece of cr*p airport.

No subway line connection to Manhattan, HORRENDOUS wait for taxis (1/2 hour wait at 11PM on a Friday night), long security lines, the list goes on and on.

JFK and Newark are better options in the NYC area, but not by much.
This is fun. This great city is burdened by three airports that would not be considered acceptable infrastructure in a poverty stricken nation.

Bad public transport. Bad parking. Poor seating at gates. Miniature aisles to gates. One men's room with only 3 pissers. Over-crowded aisles due to bad food service establishments encroaching on space.  Possibly has wi-fi.  Not sure.

I missed the photo op.

See you at JFK and EWR.
If I could give this shithole a zero star review, I would. It's only redeeming feature is that it's super close to the city. Other than that, it's an absolute nightmare piece of shit you should avoid at all costs. Why?

The moment a cloud comes over head all the traffic going in and out gets delayed. 

The moment it starts to rain the airport shuts down ALL in and outbound air traffic. 

It's old, small, dirty, falling apart. 

I think the people who work there hate it, which in turns makes them snappy, grumpy and less service oriented than other airport. 

Roaches - EVERYWHERE. You often see them crawling around behind chairs and in the rest rooms. 

Getting a cab is like waiting to watch a turtle cross the Great Plains. It takes for fucking ever. 

I can't begin to tell you how much I truly fucking hate this airport. If it got swallowed up by the east river one day, like it nearly did in 2013 when it flooded (for a WEEK!) I would be so happy.
You will be delayed here a majority of the time. No question. The airlines even tell you. It's a disaster. If you fly us airways be aware that you will arrive at the huge Delta terminal and no one will be able to help you. Be aware that you must take a shuttle to the American Airlines terminal --- see merger for that one. It's really sad that this is what happens at a major city airport.
Worst airport. It was a solid 80 degrees inside. Everyone that works there obviously hates it and is therefore ridiculously unhelpful and rude. There's minimal signage to direct you around, which is really frustrating when you have to leave security and take a bus to get to your connecting flight terminal. And the food options are severely lacking. At least in terminal c, where they have a cafeteria style place with central cash registers that are crowded and slow. Making getting a slice of pizza a 30 minute affair.
Old and give new york a bad name.  It is small and over crowded.   Give yourself extra time during rush hours.
We arrived into La Guardia on Thursday afternoon into a completely old, over crowded terminal with horrible facilities.  The corridor was so small you couldn't walk past anyone and the bathrooms were hidden, small, long lines because there weren't enough!  The baggage claim area had one luggage carrousel for all of Southwest and you couldn't tell which flights were coming off.   The traffic leaving was ridiculous.  Not a good option to fly into!!!
WORST AIRPORT EVER!!!  This place is so old and disgusting, I couldn't wait to get back to TEXAS!
This is a pretty crappy airport. Southwest is great and you get two free checked bags. Too bad it takes 45 minutes for those bags to show up at the baggage carousel, which is also a ridiculously congested area with no signs, and about 6 flights use 1 carousel. All the bathrooms have at most 3 stalls, which will have toilet seats covered in urine. After a weekend of being a tourist in NYC and peeing a lot of places, this airport proved to be the worst place to relieve myself. Top it off with a 100 person line for cabs and it's really not a time saving airport like I thought it would be.
Tiniest oldest looking airport I've ever been to. The only good thing is that they have a TV playing old school Looney tunes cartoons in the kids corner. During a busy time good luck finding a seat or an outlet to charge. Boo to airports with no free WiFi!
Worst experience I've had in awhile. One of the few airports where I have to leave the terminal to enter another one on the same airline. Arriving at the next security gate, I had to discard my water purchased before leaving my prior airport. To top it off, they were having issues with getting the security line moving.

Other little things which I normally wouldn't mind, one of the moving walkways wasn't working. There were no restaurants worth mentioning in my final terminal. However, information staff were nice in directing me to my next point as I traversed this miserable airport.

If at all possible, avoid this airport. It's the epitome of all that is wrong with New York. 

(To be fair, I do like the city, but excessive bureaucracy and surprising inefficiencies sometimes cloud the good of it for me)
I am wondering why there are signs in a publicly funded airport that say "God Bless Our Troops"? Not everyone -including some of the troops -believes in God. A public airport is no forum for religious commentary.
This is the most disgusting airport in the world. The people are rude and I mean everyone from the ticketing person to security to the vendors. The place is filthy and on a hot summer day it's uncomfortably warm in the terminal, not sure why the a/c is not blasting but this is unacceptable. The food options are scarce and truly disgusting and there is never enough seating while waiting for your flight. This place is the worst.
Currently sitting in this airport, looking around me, and all I can think is that this has to be a joke.  No restaurants, no coffee bars, no actual bars...just two shitty kiosks offering old food that tastes microwaved, and something I assume is supposed to pass as coffee. I've never flown in or out of La Guardia, and now I know to avoid it at all costs.  I can't believe this airport is in New York.
Not a fan. Not a fan at all.

I used to think LaGuardia was alright. I mean yes, it's smaller. Yes, it's older and is in much need of renovation, but hey...it's not as half as crowded as JFK which some may prefer. But my recent experience travelling through here was anything but positive. 

Let me mention a few things:
-Security: One of my family members forgot she had a water bottle (opened) in the bottom of her bag and got through security with no hassle. Interesting.
-The delays: Insane. I was just lucky enough to have the new season of OITNB to keep myself busy. Whew.
-Wifi: I don't understand. Maybe I was under the wrong impression that all airports had free unlimited wifi. Apparently, LGA does not. Or at least "let me give you one hour of free access and that's it." And no, I do not want to download your Boingo app.
-Baggage: Our plane landed poorly and in order to reach our baggage they had to take the board out from under the plane. (Yes, not the airport's fault just the airline's) but the staff went about it all the wrong way. 

All in all, rough experience. I would MUCH rather fly out of JFK. It's more organized, clean, visitor-friendly, more food/store options... the list could go on. I'll brave the crowds at JFK if that means making my trip that much smoother. 

Hot mess.
Looks like it should be condemned.  Very poor signage.  If you aren't familiar with the layout it must be very difficult to navigate.  Seems understaffed. Avoid whenever possible.
The current site of the airport was originally used by the Gala Amusement Park, not much has changed it is a no better than the county fair with the AC not working trash on the floor and shops that look as though they have not been updated since the early 90's.

Not just the worst of the NYC airports has to be among the worst in the world Biden was right when he compared it to a third world airport.

As side point Delta Has done a good job with their terminal.

Public transportation to the airport is also very difficult.
Really? This is the best you can do NYC??? Filthy dirty. Restrooms are gross. Food spots are equally gross. I can't believe Southwest Airlines stands for this. You owe us all a better travel experience. Supremely disappointing on every level. Show a little pride. Just a little would help tremendously!
When Joe Biden compared LaGuardia Airport to a third world country, he was right. 
Go to JFK, go to Newark, take a bus to Port Authority, but stay away from LGA.
One of the worst airports ever and the worst people are working there. We had a connecting flight to Canada. Arrived at C terminal with connection at C terminal. An hour before the flight I went to check for delays to find that there is another C terminal located 15 minutes away. This airport has two C terminals. So stupid. We left the terminal running in a 90 degree weather to the second C terminal. We had to cross a large rental car parking lot and also a large underground visitors parking lot to reach the second C terminal. We arrived a few minutes before they closed the doors...sweaty and out of breath. Never again LG or Kennedy.
Do not use this airport if you are flying on a minor airline.

I know LaGuardia is close to the city.  It's a much cheaper cab ride in.   But those are small trade offs compared to the dingy, dirty, depressing place that it is.

We flew out of LaGuardia yesterday, when the news was proclaiming that a July polar vortex was hitting the midwest and heading towards the mid-Atlantic region.  It wasn't raining, but we still spent 2 hours on the tarmac, then we ended up back at the terminal, where passengers from every delayed flight crammed into insufficient seats and tried to find food from the three mediocre stands in terminal B.

How can a major airport for this country's biggest city not be prepared to handle its passenger/clients during a natural disaster?

And, while we were all stuck in the terminal, flights were departing on time from JFK.
Out of all my travels, both domestic and international, I can truly say that LGA is the dirtiest airport I've ever been in. If I'm in this airport longer than 10 minutes I feel like I need to take a bath in boiling water to wash the filth off me. The only reason I fly into this airport is the fact that I can get to the city a lot faster from here than JFK.
The airport was fine and I liked the iPads used for the airport, however I don't believe they trained the servers properly. I'm a server myself. I know we are supposed to use the iPads but it took a while for my server to help with the smallest things. Also, the flight attendant that was there when I boarded my flight was RUDE! She saw my nursing bag and told me I wasn't allowed to take it on the plane. I'm like excuse me, I've been flying around all day with it and it's not been an issue until you said so. She was so STUPID AND IGNORANT. They need to her better staff there. Absolutely pissed off that she talked to me like a kindergartener trying to explain to rules to me. I'm like excuse me I've flown Delta plenty of times and they NEVER Had an issue with me bringing my nursing bag. I'm a nursing mother sweetie. Sorry you don't understand that because you probably don't care that it's a LAW that I can have the freedoms to breastfeed my child. Thanks!
Worst airport in the world! I have seen better bus terminals in third World countries. Terminal C is particularly awful. It is overcrowded,the roof leaks, and there are exposed air conditioning ducts. 

To endure this nightmare one needs a drink. Oh but there is no bar or restaurant after security. Be prepared to a fine feast of Aunt Annie's pretzels or a sandwich from Au Bon Pain. Mmmmm. 

New York is a world class city and it deserves a world class airport. I am grateful to be flying home to Chicago where our airports are much better.
Make me so uncomfortable that immigration staff kept changeling me. 
"Uh..I didn't say next", I went back to line.
"Still I did't say next, did you hear me say next, come when ....." went back again and went to the other staff.
"Hey! What is your question sir?! Blah...."
Really tried very hard to not punch her face. 

You are immigration staff but don't have to be a racist beach. I know how to pass security check. People wait in line only because they don't want to waste others' time.  Not one have the right to let people listen "Next",then make a right move.

Make sure you understand your job responsibility and stay there for your rest of life.
Please.
HORRIBLE. This is the second time I've had flights delayed and cancelled because of mandatory grounding of flights ordered by the Air Traffic Control here at LaGuardia.

I had a connection flight there from FLL to ROC.... PLEASE avoid connection flights at LGA and other airports near LGA if you can because delays and cancellations seem to be guaranteed there. I was to fly out to ROC at 3pm but the delay turned into an hour and then cancelled! Delta transferred us to fly out with USAirways to then connect in Boston and then fly to Rochester from there. Really?? (Our flight in BOS to ROC also got delayed by an hour)

The food is all the same at each restaurant. I think LGA created each restaurant and sources the food from the same provider. They're VERY pretentious because of the names and pricing! 

At Delta, there was hardly anywhere to sit at LGA because every seat possible has been fitted with an iPad. Seriously??? That's just absurd and desperate. I don't mind having outlets readily available as everyone typically has a smartphone of some kind and need to charge up their phones and personal laptops for layovers or to make phone calls.

USAirways is the polar opposite of Delta in terms of interiors, lack of air conditioning, and NO available outlets! (well you'd have to keep an eye on the one fat guy who is playing solitaire on his laptop that is plugged in and also his cell phone plugged in). It was so gloomy in there. On top of this mess, I was having a near-full blown migraine and the heat wasn't helping at ALL.

Just for the love of the flying spaghetti monster.... AVOID LGA at all costs. I even requested my return flight to connect in ATL instead of LGA.

Nightmare1!! NEVER AGAIN!!!
This is a very old, cramped, run-down airport terminal (C United) in need of some tender love and care.
Outdated,  poorly managed, most dreadful airport experience I've ever had in my life. Waited an hour just to clear security to get onto a domestic flight. No help to guide us through the airport. Most of the staff just didn't care and were less than helpful. Go through JFK or Newark if you can choose.
Well friends, LaGuardia hasn't changed a bit. I still believe this is the worst excuse for an airport... ever. Not only do you have to check your own bag at the bag drop,  but apparently cleanliness and air conditioning don't exist here. LaGuardia is outdated, disgusting, and rude. As I've said before, there are roaches rampant in the Southwest terminal. Not only that but the whole airport smells like one big nasty fart. I am convinced this airport was created by Satan himself (and he obviously regulates the temperature too). I have to spend the next two hours waiting in this shit hole of a sad pathetic airport. Help me. Please.
Any other airport out of NYC. Any one is better than La Guardia. If you take the bus here, expect to wait 20-30 minutes for a shuttle to take you to the right terminal after you get to the airport. Once you get to security, expect to spend at least 45 minutes in line. Also expect to have your laptop run through the machine twice and to receive a lecture. 

I fly pretty frequently and I've never had these problems at any other airport. Save yourself the trouble and use Newark or JFK if you're not TSA Pre-check qualified. 

If you've never been here, La Guardia is like a time capsule from the 60s that hasn't been cleaned in all that time. Seriously. Any airport is better.
Man! This place is a dump! Talk about needing a total face lift. With all the cash that's in this town, C'MON Man! Walking off the airplane and walking into this so called terminal is a step back in time. All is so dated and dirty! Maybe one day, maybe one day.
LAWD HAVE MERCY.

I. HATE. THIS. AIRPORT.

HATE.

LOATHE.

Okay. I think that, personally, the above will suffice as a good enough review however as an Elite I have a sworn duty to type in detail on why I have written the above.

I booked a flight recently where I would be departing and arriving at LaGuardia.  I haven't flown in or out of this airport in well over a decade and I never had a good memory of it.  My opinions were negative and I thought that they were a bit dated so I took the chance and booked my tickets.  Upon arrival, I forgot that LaGuardia was so small - this was pretty good since it would be quick and easy to check-in and go straight to security.  Security was pretty good.  There was a long line but everyone was thoroughly scanned and checked in a quick manner.  Though, as I was about to go through I discovered change and threw it in the black rubber bin for it go through the scanner.  Waiting for it, I heard someone say, "Yeah. Go ahead, take it."  Not sure what that was in reference to but it was such a coincidence hearing it then my change didn't come out of the other side!

How ghetto to take someone's change.  Whoever took it, I hope you don't spend it all in one place.

As I walked towards my gate, I was feeling nervous and anxious as per usual.  Of course, this could be fixed with a nice cold one.  I searched for a bar and remember there was one before security but I figured no big deal, there will be one by or close enough to my gate.  Nope.  Just Au Bon Pain, Auntie Annie's Preztels, your standard Hudson News and a little liquor store.  I immediately felt like I was having an affair on JFK's Terminal 5 - I thought I would have fun and get something out of it but it was a horrible mistake.  How could I have of thought this brief, sorrid affair would be so fulfilling?  It wasn't.  

Looking around the gate area there were signs saying "BLESS OUR TROOPS!" and "Sunday Mass...".  I like how they are so proud to be American and offer a sanctuary for the religious and perhaps people like me who want to believe is SOMETHING before going on a plane.  Though, it seemed to cheapen the airport somehow.

Ah. Not a big fan but an airport is an airport and if I can't get with JFK I guess I'll have a little LaGuardia on the side.
One Star to this Airport is what I give. If I had a choice I would give "ZERO" Stars. As a Native of New York. Every time I fly outta this Airport or fly in I regret coming back to NY. This Airport is very Old and rechet. They are flies everywhere! And it's smells so Horrid!.... A lot of Places that serve food are working next to Garbage Disposals. For crying out loud your serving FOOD! Uprooted carpets I'm not going to finish this Yelp because I'm so disgusted with this place.
Dump!  It reminds me of a third world airport.  No internet connection.  TSA have crappy personalities and chew you out before they will answer a question.   Give them an AK and you'd swear you're flying out of Somalia.    If it wasn't for southwest being here I'd avoid it altogether.
One of the most uncomfortabe airports in America.
I was stuck on the SW Airlines terminal yesterday.  It was a third world experience.  Sat on the floor as seats became unavailable and shoved my way into the one and only mens restroom on the concourse.  No bar, no restaurant.  Felt like I was in an oversized double wide trailer.  What a joke
Small. Rundown. Unorganized. No TSA pre-check line/section. You have to mention business/A class to get thru the 2nd line. 

Their form of attempt at organizing pre-check is by giving you a white slip that looks like regular piece of paper that can be easily reproduced. 

The lines are all bulked together so the "exclusive" business class is no advantage depending on the line size. 

If checking in (SW) follow the yellow line (...what is this? The land of Oz?) with your bags to drop them off after seeing the attendant. 

The waiting area for the terminals is small and narrow with very limited seating. 

WiFi is a hit or miss... 

Not a good first impression of NYC if your arriving through this airport.
Negative stars if I could. Its hot. Theres 1 stall in the restrooms. NO wifi. NO TSA line. Stuck here for 39484738 too many hours.  LGA = New Yorks porta potty from the 90s.
This airport is disgusting. Crowded, dirty and lacks amenities. I was delayed almost six hours here and B terminal has nothing to eat besides pretzels and Dunkin Donuts. This place needs a makeover badly. Doesn't make a good impression for people arriving in New York.
You know those survival-horror video games like Silent Hill? The ones where you are constantly ducking from undead and monsters while traipsing around areas that look like they have been abandoned for years? 

Everything always is tinted with despair, loss, and grime. All humanity has been stripped from the skeletal remains of places that once were teeming with life and warmth.

Well, Laguardia Airport Terminal B is a lot like a level in one of those games.
I used to think all airports were basically the same. They just get you from one city to the other. As long as they were functional I had no problem with them. That was as at least before I stepped foot in LaGuardia Airport. 
    I landed on a rainy day and what greeted me in the concourse was buckets lined all the way down collecting rain water leaking through the ceiling. Some of the ceiling has given way, some of it is terribly water stained. 
    The concourse itself is very narrow and cramped. It's very difficult for people coming and going. The signage is confusing and the ground transportation sign seemed to point in the wrong direction back to the security checkpoint. I couldn't find any 4G coverage in the airport either.
    Going back home the signs were even more confusing. I couldn't find the security checkin. It was literally behind a wall. I only knew this because I asked a TSA employee where it was. My gate was downstairs on Concourse A. No escalator, no elevator. If you have a carry on you'll be carrying it down the steps. If you are in a wheelchair or infirmed there would be no way for you go get down there. Once I found my gate I was greeted by broken and cracked windows. We were at ground level so we had to walk outside and up stairs to get on the plane. As much as I would like to imagine I'm Don Draper on Mad Men jetting across the country this isn't 50 years ago.  
    This was my first trip to NY and I was amazed that such a world class city is served by an airport that looks like it hasn't been maintained in decades.
This place must have been designed by the "C" student architects and engineers.  

It is laid out like a rat maze.  The rental car return signage is non-existent. 

It is  disgusting. Dirty. Smelly. Bad ventilation. Teaming with angry people.   

The restaurant and bar choices are a joke. 

Ahh the Big Apple. I can't  wait to leave.
I used to flight often, not as much these days. I don't remember the last time I was at Laguardia airport and this is by far the worst airport I have been to, overly crowded flights are delayed place is super run down. I sure will be thinking twice about flying in or out of here next time..
I fly 3 weeks a month. LGA is by far the worst airport I travel through. Having missed the experience of Greyhound Bus travel, LGA more than makes up for the lost opportunity. The facilities, the amenities and the personnel all project the same vibe- run, drive, hitchhike; do what you must, but don't fly through here.
First and last time using this small and crappy airport. My flight was at 9:00 it is 9:40 now and the captain just said that there are over 25 planes ahead of us. My question is how do they have so many planes taking off at the same time in such a small airport. Thanks LGA for running my day :)
Only giving it one star because I cannot choose zero stars.  I thought newark was a dump but here....in terminal B....I've warped back to 1985.  Unfortunately, Aqua Net is no longer allowed thru security and spandex pants are prohibited in the office (damn HR).  I'd grab a cocktail in the lounge but there's only one and it seats about 20 in luxurious chairs with comfort reminiscent of a church pew.  As soon as my phone dies from lack of outlets, I'll be sure to phone home from the pay phone.
I rarely agree with Joe Biden because Democrats are all trash, but in this case he is right, La Guardia is a third world airport. The people on here praising this airport are idiots that lack sophistication.

The biggest problem is the lack of subway service. Chicago(Midway)  is a comparable airport but 5x better. They have the L line connect directly into the city. NYC has so much money to extend the N line to the La Guardia but the NIMBY rats start screeching and the city wastes money on drug using OWS supporting leeches rather than to create new rail infrastructure.
To call this a third-world airport is an insult to the third world.  I have finally found a dumpier, dirtier, uglier airport than O'Hare.  Just horrible.  And what genius decided that it makes sense to designate BOTH the terminals AND the gate concourses with letters?!!  Even O'Hare had the common sense to use numerals for the terminals and UNIQUE letters for the gates.
This airport is an embarrassment. Aside from the huge problem of flight delays, it's the worst airport to be stuck in. If you are flying Southwest (why else would you use this airport?), you are trapped at the gate. Not enough seats or even room to sit on the floor. 2 food kiosks and a tiny bar that's typically jam packed make up the entire list of your food options in the entire concourse. The bathrooms are completely inadequate- if you are a woman, be prepared to stand in line at least 20 minutes to use the restroom. Last time I was there, it was so hot in the concourse, I thought I was going to pass out. This place is falling apart. All the NYC airports are pretty bad, but this is a joke.
1) Why are there not nearly enough seats?

2) Why are there only Auntie Anne's?

3) Why is there only 30 mins of wifi?

4) Why is it so old and dirty?

5) Why am I here?
LGA is pathetic. Did u know there are gates of the same alpha-numeric name in different terminals?  There are, and that fok-up caused me to miss a flight. When AA shows Gate D6 on their website (without more), you would THINK it's in Terminal D. Well, not at LGA,,,,,, it's in Terminal B !!!!!!!
This airport is always busy, busy , busy. I came in on the Wednesday before Thanksgiving and it was crazy. We had to pick up our luggage and take it ourselves to the Marine Air Terminal (Concourse A). The Delta agent in MIA said it would be done automatically but once we got to LaGuardia we asked again and were told we have to do it ourselves. Luckily they do have a shuttle that takes you from the Main Terminals to the Marine Air Terminal. The traffic to get from one terminal to the next is horrible but it is too far to walk to the Marine Air Terminal.
I cannot imagine a worse airport than LGA.  Even Joe Biden called it a "third-world facility."  I fly Delta mostly so I fly though Terminal C and D.  They are both overwhelmingly crowded 100% of the time - to the point where it's exceedingly hard to navigate.  The distance between the various clusters of gates (either within Terminal C or between Terminal C and D) is also quite large and full of ups and downs with a severe lack of moving walkways.  Food options are also miserable (unless you are willing to spend some real cash).  No quick and easy fast food options like the Delta terminal in JFK, just really expensive "fancy" options with iPad ordering tabs that no one really understands how to use and seemingly don't distribute the order to the kitchen with regularity.  The climate control is also awful, either freezing or sweltering and never in between.  The rental car places are so confusing to return cars to as well - the signage leading to the airport is almost non-existent.  I can't imagine a worse airport.
This airport stands for all that is screwed up with the US infrastructure. No one has paid attention to this in decades. The entire airport seems to be held together with duct tape. It's old, dingy, dirty and only kind of functional. It's pathetic that LGA might be someones first experience in the US. If any elected official had cojones, they'd bulldoze this place and start over. Of course, once's choices of airports from NYC don't leave much to chose from. JFK? Worse. Newark? Not much better. 
I try really hard to never have to come here, much as I like NYC.
I can't understand why, in this day and age, a major airport has to be this filthy and disgusting and disorganized.  Leave it to LaGuardia to be all of that.  I used to think Kennedy was the worst airport in all of NY, but with its recent renovations, it's a far cry from the hazardous disappointment it used to be.  It's terrible how this airport has fallen from one of the most beautiful airports to the dilapidated mess it now is. The bathrooms are disgusting.  The food courts are a disgrace and the organization of the gates are just ludicrous.  

Makes me sad.  I avoid this airport like the plague when in New York City.  Sometimes, it's the only place I can fly in and out of that accommodates my times, but if I can avoid it, I'd rather pay $50 more for a flight and come in through Islip/MacArthur and drive my way back into the city if necessary.
This airport is a disgrace to aviation. This disgrace to aviation is an airport known as LaGuardia Airport in Queens, New York City. The nightmares for a connecting-flight-traveller begin the moment you land onto the runway. As soon as you exit the plane, you notice there are no connecting terminals even by transportation and to transfer to another terminal, you must figure out by yourself without signs you have to take a city bus with a certain bus route code. I took the wrong bus, ending up at the Delta terminal when I needed to be at US Airways, so I took route B to us air when I realized I then had to go through security again, which made me 15 minutes even more late for my plane, which was leaving in 20 minutes. I then sprinted down the airport terminal all the way to the end of the hall when a security lady told me to stop running and to go sit over there and not get up. I was only 13 at the time, and she was treating me like a three year old. So, I missed my connecting flight to Boston, resulting in 5 hours of waiting in LaGuardia doing nothing due to a mean security lady who made me sit in "the corner". Thanks, LaGuardia. Also, none of the electrical outlets worked.
The worst airport ever. The customer service at the American Airlanes terminal couldn't be worse. The lady, (brown curly hair, looks like a grandma who worked today at 9am) was so cocky and rude. I gave her my id and she threw me my boarding pass. No smile no nothing and told me to leave now. When I asked her to put my mileage on my card, she meanly replied "its already there, annoyed. The other guy standing at the customer service line should learn how to do his job right. He just stood there and I asked him where I should go, he should lady to the right. And when I got there she said get in line. Like wth, get your facts right. So fed up with him and the lady. Even worse, the security guy before going through the security's like "this is an airport not a grandmas house". Who does he think he is. Offending grandmas!? People are so rude. All of them should get fired. Never felt worse about flying amercian airlanes.
La Guardia is the worst of all the NY airports. The buildings aren't maintained, security is a joke and they don't take care of passengers. Joe Biden was right when he compared LGA to a third-world country. 

On one unseasonably cool summer night with the A/C stuck on high it was freezing in the terminal and there were passengers stranded overnight due to bad weather. While other airports provide cots, blankets and pillows the P/A was nowhere to be found. And because it was August no one had jackets. People who were stranded slept on the cold floor because seating is so limited. (At LGA they lock down the more comfortable area by the gates after the last flight so you get to spend the night outside security with the homeless people). So being an airline employee I decided to break a few rules. I brought about sixty blankets to this one seating area that had lots of elderly people and families with kids and handed them out. The shame is that many others, probably hundreds, suffered a terrible night because of the P/A's lack of concern and utter indifference.
I hate this hell hole.

Nothing can really be done about how awful this airport is unless it's torn down completely and rebuilt (how about a kickstarter for this mess?).

Unlike JFK, I have to add a real extra hour to my check in process because they don't have the JetBlue TSA pre-check agreement.  With the lengthy security screening lines, I'm not sure LGA has TSA pre-check at all.  Counter staff at the JetBlue check in desk are usually really friendly though, so they put me in a hopeful mood before I have to get down to security.

The terminal itself...ugh.  Eww.  Pass me some hand sanitizer.  The number of roaches I've seen crawling around here always makes me feel less inclined to ever buy a snack before getting on my flights.  There's little seating in the waiting areas, even fewer power outlets, so I end up draining my batteries and leaning against walls.

The one *redeeming* quality is that LGA does offer *free* WiFi--but you have to jump through all these hoops of downloading unwanted third party apps that you don't really want or need (HelloHoroscope? Yahoo News Digest?  No thanks).

LGA may be a cheaper airport to get to via cab or bus or whatnot, but I'll spend the extra money to get to the JFK JetBlue terminal.  At least employees treat me like they want my business at JFK.
Pretty much a train wreck.  Old airport, poor layout.  Gates within a couple numbers might be far away.  Look & feel is out of the '70s.  They tried to update with iPad seating.  I had to try 3 of them to find one that works.

The ground crews are disorganized.  Both on the inbound and outbound flights they couldn't find anyone to handle our plane.  The runways don't really handle parallel traffic, so they need to shift everyone clear across the airport if one direction doesn't work.  Delay after delay after delay.  Even in perfect weather too.

Just a nightmare of poor layout, incompetent staff, and terrible logistics.

Request a different flight if your itinerary comes through Laguardia.
Penn Station with wings. 

I guess it could be port authority with wings, so it has that going for it.
This is the worst airport I've ever visited- Mexicos airport was even better than here. First and foremost regarding the baggage claim every single southwest flight is placed on one carasole... So you're waiting there for damn near an hour just for your luggage. 2ndly the airport is dirty and old- for this to be New York #1 tourist city of the world they def need some upgrades- not to mention the cock roach I saw as I was waiting at gate 9 for my flight. Avoid this airport opt for jfk instead. I can't give my opinion of jfk because I didn't fly there- but anything beats  here.
Honestly, this is the worst airport in a major city I've been to in the US. Very few places to buy food after security, at least in concourse B, most staff seem to have attitude, and there's all sorts of ceiling panels missing. Avoid if possible.
I arrived at LaGuardia at 1pm to pick up my grandmother. Her flight was delayed for a few hours. So instead of paying another $40 to go home, just to spend another $40 to come back to the airport and $40 to go back home, I stayed. I stood for a while at C8 of US Airways baggage claim. Saw a woman sitting on a folding chair. She got up and I sat down on it since there is nowhere to sit. I sat for less than hour and one of the baggage employees came up and said, "sorry miss but you've been sitting for too long." He took the chair from me and brought it next to his coworker to sit and chat. I was appalled at this. That was horrible customer service!!!! I am still here waiting for my grandmother. I canNOT believe he did that!!!
The airport is awful, especially as the gateway to one of our greatest cities. What's most disturbing is that in the two hours at our gate, B8, I've seen no less than a dozen roaches and other bugs on the floor, walls and window sill. My skin is still crawling.
I think the 2.5 stars over rates flying in and out of laguardia. Where to start? How about the driving in and out of the airport. I can't think of a more poorly designed traffic pattern. Have flown out of here dozens of times and it's still confusing. It was either designed by a complete idiot or was built during the 1800s. Yes I know air travel wasn't around then. 

Inside, it's disgusting. Bathrooms aren't clean, not enough seating, no wifi. Crazy long lines. This airport may have been modern in the 70s. But for a city that usually refers to itself as the greatest on earth, we make a horrendous first impression between this and Newark.
A worker Robert in Advantage rental car made me abuse because I'm woman and from another country. He was very rude. The most awful service wich I ever had. Never use their company!!!
I crash landed here. Seriously (pics above). The control tower and port authority, along with Delta, almost killed 130 people. Do not fly into this death trap as the runways are not built to accommodate modern aircraft speed especially under adverse conditions.
Only one lane was open for planes because of the snow. I was stuck in the airplane for 2 additional hours because of it. And now, I have to go to a other airport (jfk) because of this airport is too ill equipped for the snow. Now I have to pay a fee and find my own transportation to jfk that will take about an hour. WTF. Does that even make any sense?? 

Why must I pay more money and waste my time on top of having 2 flight cancellations and 4 delays when THERE'S BARELY ANY SNOW ON THE GROUND AND IT'S SUNNY AS EVER. Really doesn't make any sense to me. Worst airport/airplane experience I've ever had. Do not go to this airport for you will be in the same boat as I am in, regretting all of his or her decisions about ever travelling in a plane.
The people who work here seemed to be decently nice. However, the airport itself leaves a lot to be desired. Not many places to eat once past security, bathrooms were small and lines were forming. Upon arrival bags took over 40mins to get up to the baggage claim (not sure who's fault that really was). 

Anyways it's convenient because it's closer to Manhattan than JFK but other than that a pretty crappy airport.
I fly from here to Chicago usually four times a year. They tend to just barely scrape by as adequate, but tonight took the cake. When we landed (at the end of a flight already three hours behind schedule), we were forced to stay on the runway an extra hour and a half. Meanwhile they rounded up our luggage and put an extremely rude woman in charge, who yelled at us and ripped luggage from people's hands, insisting it had to be "verified". I've never seen this practice in my life, and the treatment by the employees at 1am to customers who were meant to land at 8:30pm was absolutely unacceptable. This place is the worst of the nyc airports.
I am front Connecticut and choose this airport LGA due to lower fair and about an hour an 20 minute drive there.

I anticipated paying between 100 and 160 for parking for 6 nights. However the long term parking was under construction both lots and therefore full since there were less spots.

I had to drive around and all the surrounding parking places to airport were full. Airport police lady said do I have a choice when asked what to do and took her advice and parked in short term parking (for long term = 6 nights) when we went to pay and leave the price was $275!!!!

Wouldn't knock down the price or anything - way too high and I will never use that airport again.

Prior to the trip I looked into CT limo and other transport options and thought I would save by driving myself but now I know better and should have paid for transportation instead of parking! Who would've known there was no long-term parking at an airport?!! However CT limo had very bad reviews about not getting customers to their flights in time and not refunding. Just calling in because we were four passengers I had to be transferred to a different line for a sedan Who never answered the line and never got back to me off the website or via voicemail.

The trip was great but the extra I paid for parking I could've flown right out of Connecticut or a different airport!
This is the shittiest airport I have ever been to! Why in the world do I have to walk down half a terminal to use a restroom? And if there is only one restroom per terminal, why is it so dirty? The TSA people are rude (I'm guessing that's just the New York attitude) and so are the staff in general. I will never ever fly in or out of LGA again if I have a choice.
Worst airport in the country!  I fly a lot and this is by far one of the worst.  

It's dated and dirty.  It looks more like a bus station than an international airport.

The security is questionable and it appears they don't even use updated screening techniques
LaGuardia Airport Terminal D food court: Horrible! Some fancy  sit down restaurants that charge $17.50 for a hamburger. Other option is the loony self-serve food area. Prices are bordering on reasonable...but system is crazy. First of all, if you are traveling alone, you have to juggle your food selections, payments, and seating through this maze of confusion. while holding on to your carry on. Last night I found Harry's Hamburgers which was within reason,  First I had to order on an I pad device, go to the registers 30 ft. away and pay. I was overcharged for my burger.....and had to wait for that to get sorted out. When I finally marched back to Harry's and,  got my order.....I juggled it and my carry on to the nearest dining area...opened the burger box...and lo and behold..NO BURGER IN THE BURGER!!!...Again juggling everything went back to Harry's and the "caring" employee...after 5 minutes  filled my burger with a burger...back to juggling again.  Nearly run down by two clowning young male employees pushing a food cart. Finally sat down with my burger which was way over-salted. Many of the young employees had their break in this seating area, and acted to say the least ...loud and rude. The employees attitude was overall rude and un-caring, as they fooled around with each other instead of conscientiously working.
I flew out of terminal B and was extremely disappointed.  The terminal is dirty and is need of a massive renovation.  The food court has limited food choices at best and the tables and chairs are so worn and scratched that it looks like they have been there since the early 1980s.  After passing through security, there was only one restroom with four stalls and it was also unclean.  I usually fly JetBlue out of JFK, which is fantastic, and dread it everytime I have to fly out of Laguardia.  I don't understand why that airport hasn't been renovated.
One of the worst airports in US, shame and disgrace. Terminal C is horrible, dirty, restrooms are not clean. Cramped space. Very limited food options. Hope they remodel it in next 50 years, lol!
If I could give negative stars I would. The people that work here are friendly and helpful so the one star goes to them. Otherwise the worst airport. Why would you label the gates starting with C and have them be in terminal B? Obviously people traveling would be rushing and easily could make a mistake go to the wrong terminal. Seriously LGA??!??
Probably close to 90 degrees in the airport with no air, only fans. Made for a terrible time.
Southwest at LGA is The worst.  The employees simply don't care. Spoke to three different south west employees, they were all so reluctant to help. I fly twice a week and this was the WORST. If there was an option to give half a star, I would certainly give them half a star (and that's being generous). They showed no effort to help or accommodate my travel plan changes, which were basic accommodation requests. I was struck with the lack of effort and eager to assist their customers. If possible, avoid traveling with Southwest Airlines at LGA. Shabby customer service !
What?! No pub or sit down eateries in Terminal C? I've seen better equipped airports in 3rd world countries. And no AC?  It's hot!! New York get it together,  I know the taxes paid by the hotel occupants pay that bill every day. What gives? ? #somethingveryfishy
Pretty old and terrible airport. Granted they are going through some renovations, but the lack of air-conditioning, antiquated traffic flow for passenger dropped and constant ATC issue  with delaying planes make this a terrible Airport. 

The weird saving grace was all the delta sponsor IPADs on all the tables. I guess they hope that if you are playing on a IPAD you wont notice your terrible  surroundings.  

Also it is more expensive than standard airport mark up.
The only redeeming thing I can say about LaGuardia is that it's my gateway to New York City, which is one of my favorite places to be. Unfortunately, all the praises really stop there. 

Every visit comes with new annoyances. Hours of delays, little to no good food options, long security lines, paid wifi (Internet is free only for 30 minutes), minimal number of outlets, outdated facilities. 

Today, I got stopped at the gate right before boarding the plane by the desk attendant. She explained that my carry-on was too big and I had to check it. I was shocked - I have traveled with this suitcase for ALL of my trips and this was the first time I was EVER stopped for this bag as being too large, and I travel quite a bit so I was a little annoyed. 

There's not much good I can say about this airport. The only consolation is that once you escape this terrible place, you get to frolic in NYC.
This airport needs to have better food options. They need to remodel it and make the terminals wider and give travelers more room. Feels like there is too many people on one area. I know the airport is old, but so was Love Field in Dallas and they remodeled that airport to make it more nice. Landing here is no problem, but departing here there is always delays. The delays happens because too many airplanes have to wait in line to takeoff. I sat in the plane and observe this issue all the time. I will still come here inbound but will never leave here outbound again. JFK or EWR are my personal recommendations for outbound flights.
Employees of the LGA airport are generally unhappy. One TSA agent out of a dozen cared to be nice. The TSA document scanning dude looked annoyed that he had to be there. Not one of them squeezed a smile, or even pretend to. Customer service in the food court consists of... well, bad attitude.  It appears that the facility itself is going through some improvements, but it's people that define the customer's experience. Yeah, I can see why other travelers left bad reviews.
I was stopped by the security and forced to check my bag that I have carried on to every other flight from other airports that I've been on. Right now I'm sitting in front of my gate and the fire alarm has been blasting for the past 15 minutes non-stop while "the port authorities are continuing their investigation." Seriously? By FAR the worst airport I've been to, and I have traveled to many, many places - why this is even an airport when there is JFK and EWR, I don't know. Avoid at all costs.
Ah, La Guardia...  

In recent years, the powers that be (Port Authority and airlines) have put new lipstick on this old battleaxe, at least in some terminals. It helps.  Some.  But, it doesn't change the issue that the old airport is too small and cramped for the population it serves.  The check in and security areas would cause a sardine to feel claustrophobic.  Once past this, you enter a maze of tight, poorly signed spaces.

New York is a world class city and it deserves a world class airport.  It doesn't have one and La Guardia is the worst of the two in the city.
pretty much the worst airport that i've ever been to. 

at first i thought "oh. new york. it can't be so bad. it's famous!"

boy was i wrong. 

for some reason, there is an intense infatuation with fried bar foods at laguardia. which i wouldn't mind, but jesus tits new york what the fuck is wrong with you have you ever heard of this thing its called a mother fucking salad. 

also theres this new thing its called wifi. you should consider checking it out. 

also theres this new kind of music its called not mother fucking techno music. you should check that out too. 

excuse me while i continue my 12 million hour layover at laguardia airport now. 

new york: i give your airport a one star review, and may god have mercy on your souls.
I travel a lot and LaGuardia is the only airport that disappoints every single time. I have literally never had a flight leave on time from this airport.

Once you make it through all of the absurdly long airline and security lines, you are greeted by a dim, disgusting, and overly crowded terminal. Finally the food options are terrible.

Avoid this airport at all cost
Imagine Wall-E where all the people blob around on those chairs in the future.  Thats what I imagine LGA is going for in the Delta terminal.  An iPad at every single table, bar stool and restaurant seat.  Sure it may be nice for the single traveller occasionally.  You don't need to talk to anyone, you can charge all your devices, order all your food with the touch of a button, pay on your own time.  But seriously, what is this world coming to?  Is it really necessary?

LGA was going through some renovations when I was there, the AC wasn't really working and some areas were being worked on.  

Traffic was horrendous for me to get there, and I was even on the special bus that gets you there.
This place is terrible, the flights are always delayed. On my way into Laguardia not only was my flight delayed but we were taxied on the tarmac for over a half an hour because our gate was change 3 times. Thanks Laguardia, please working on your logistics. This place only warranted a 1 star because the Delta terminal has some nice upgrades other than that this place is the pits.
Terminal C is terrible. Hudson News,  Cibo Express and Au Bon Pan are the only options.  Tiny terminal with one bathroom in which two of four urinals are out of order.  Roof leaks.  Lack of trash reciptcals.
worst airport ever.....service sucks.......employees just hang in around and pass the buck if you have a question.....looks like a third world country
Old. Dirty. Smells like urine. 

If you like to arrive in a nice airport select another. I was really taken aback by the lack of cleanliness all around. 

The bathroom floor was covered in paper towel and looked like it hasn't been cleaned for weeks. 

The staff I interacted with were all grumpy. I really did not understand. I had a question about where the pick up areas were (there were signs for two different drive ways). The man at the counter very rudely said "it's out there by the sign". I explained that I knew that but wasn't sure if there was a difference between the two driveways. 

I have been to many airports and this has been the worst.
Joe Biden wasn't kidding when he said this airport was like a third world country.

Good thing I flew American Airlines... My flight wasn't delayed, however you need to find the hidden gate to the shuttle to get your to your terminal, other wise you'll be walking around like a lost puppy.

Also, make sure you use the restrooms elsewhere, otherwise you'll be going into what you would think is a portopotty...
Worst airline ever. I DO NOT recommend you to take this airline if you would actually LIKE TO GET TO YOUR DESTINATION. had a flight out to chicago and it was canceled 2 hours before. Spoke to a representative and she gave me no alternatives. There were no other flights that night or midnight, no nothing.
A terminal that smells like stinky feet and flight delays make for a pain in the arse airport to have to fly out of. 

The layout is the worst when compared to most other airports. The shops are small and crowded.
So far Sitting inside a plane for OVER an hour waiting for take off. Delta terminal is nice but LGA PLANE traffic SUCKS.   
Ridiculous!!!
TSA staff is a micromanaging nightmare. Staff all seem like miserable people who are determined to make travelers' experience miserable as well. Not impressed.
Is this really everybody's favorite airport??? Lol oh, okay. It was very nasty. Maybe because I flew in from midway and midway has spoiled me.. But LGA was the worst. I flew in December and in June. Both times were rotten. When I flew in December, there were roaches in the Terminal and a few little mice. The guy over the speaker system started singing "3 blind mice" .. Like I said, maybe I'm spoiled by midway lol.. In fact, I think I'll review them next.
In the midst of chaos, you wake up and you're still in LGA. I've been here too many times to count and each time the service gets worse. I've never known an airport to be so filthy from the carpets to the bathrooms. People complain about how big Miami's airport is but cleanliness is unmatched.
If you're planning to transfer from one terminal to the next don't rely on the shuttle buses. T Wallace driving BUS no. 701 on route A today was a grumpy agitated angry older man! The woman driving before him was no better either! I think they would both be served well by taking an anger management class and a driving course for mediocre remedial drivers!
This isn't a bad airport but I thought there were some restaurants inside terminal d after security.  Nope!  One small cafe but it was jammed packed and unable to order any food.  The other end of the terminal small open bar. Again jammed with people eating nasty pre-made food.   The Admirals club was comfortable but not much on food items.
Dirty, crowded, unfriendly staff, a travel experience I try to avoid. A disgrace to the city.
Very rude personal from TSA Rockies to united airlines staff.. Worse airport experience ever!
Absolutely awful. It was my first time flying this past weekend and just about everything that could go wrong, did  we had an 8:30 am flight to Raleigh and showed up around 6 am and had to check luggage. We get on the plane at around 8:40 and start to go down the runway when the pilot informs us there is a mechanical issue that need to be looked at. We get back off the plane and are told it should be about 30 minutes before the mechanics arrive. The flight is delayed until 10:30. Then delayed again. And again. Around 12:30, we're informed that the flight is now cancelled and we we will have to rebook. After waiting in line to rebook for 45 minutes, we get a 4:30 flight. So 4 hours later, after waiting around with two kids in an airport and spending over 100 dollars on airport food and drinks (oh and begging for diapers because we ran out after 9 hours in the airport) we're off to Carolina! But wait, it's not over yet. We get to RDU and are waiting for our luggage to roll out, and it never does. It's lost. After searching for it, they discover it was out on the wrong flight. So, we had it just wait around for another hour until it arrived. I'm pretty sure that was my first and last flight out of laguardia.
No sit down restaurants past security makes no sense. Especially in light of the likelihood of delays, it's almost worth the extra money to fly out of JFK, if you want a more relaxed travel experience.
NOTE:

This review pertains to the Southwest terminal only. Other terminals are in much better condition, and the atmosphere, including the "attitudes" of TSA agents, sales clerks, etc. are significantly more pleasant than the Southwest terminal. 

Baggage claim is a disaster here. It takes longer awaiting bags than it does to get off the plane,use the facilities, and find the baggage claim area.  On numerous occasions, the designated baggage claim area changes fifteen minutes after people have been standing around waiting for bags. The airport is dirty and disorganized; employees lack concern. 

Poor facility.  New Yorkers are embarrassed to call this an airport, and rightfully so.
This airport is a dump. It is dirty and warm. With the amount of people here, youd think they'd crank up the AC. There are not enough seats available for passengers to wait for their flight to leave. It's sad to see so many families sitting on the floor. Also, the bathrooms are very poorly design. If you have luggage, which every passenger does, good luck trying to use the facility. Furthermore, it takes forever for your luggage to arrive. 

One good thing about the airport is the amount of chargers available.
Conveniently close to the City but the wifi is so minimal/ doesn't even work, there's minimal sit-down restaurants if there are even any.. I don't have one in my terminal. There is no Starbucks at my terminal, someone should definitely figure that out. I just realized that the outlet I'm using to charge my phone isn't working. The airport has potential, but it needs a few updates to appeal more to today's societal "needs."
Worst airport I've ever been too. A bunch of useless, ignorant rejects for the most part. Of course their are exceptions. But few and far between. Disgusting, compounded by the fact that everyone turns into an asshole as soon as they hit the ground.
No AC. I'm sweating balls right now. 

I bet this airport was an outdated piece of shit the day it was built.
This airport is notorious for a reason. It's HORRIBLE. Avoid it at all costs. You'll be glad you did.
Absolutely terrible airport! 
This airport is full of delayed flights. Small and cramped spaces. Terminal C is full of delayed flights!
Time after time it really never fails. For some reason every time I end up flying in and out of LGA, my flight is always delayed! No matter what airline, this airport really constantly delays flights in and out of the airport. 

For some reason, LGA really holds up to the city traffic of NYC. It seems like delays are consistent and the people too...just plain ol' rude. 

Today, I experienced 3 gate changes and a delayed flight. A flight prior to me is already cancelled and hoping that my flight is not. Only reason I flew into LGA is because my trip was booked by a travel agent. If not, I'd be coming into the other NYC airport which I still haven't yet experienced what I have at LGA. 

When will I learn?!?!?
This is the worst air port I have ever been to. I try to avoid it at all cost. Transportation is complicated, the terminals are outdated and the food options are poor. 

But why keep writing when I can leave you with the apt words of Joe Biden: "But if I blindfolded you and took you to LaGuardia Airport in New York, you must think, 'I must be in some third world country.' I'm not joking."
I've flown around the world and this may be the worst airport of all.  What year is it?  They're running us around like hamsters, complete air traffic control circus.  I must avoid this place at all costs.
I just was thinking hell is other people and I realized it was LaGuardia that made me feel that way. At least my $3 Kind Bar was fresh.
Worst damn airport ever.no air conditioning,no clean restrooms,crowded beyond words, and one of the dirtiest places on earth.traveled on southwest.thinking I need to take jet blue and jfk from here on out.
I hate this airport. I never had to wait so long get off the runway. The customer service is horrible. The woman was so rude to us. You would think we had asked a million questions. We just wanted to make sure we were in the right line.
Latest line! Now they are planning a 5 year refurbishment starting in 2016 to make this airport state of the art. So now where is anyone bound for NYC to go to? Overcrowded JFK or Newark? 

Delta is overseeing the work on their two terminals. So what's it going to look like? Hartsfield-Jackson?  While it is true the airport is in dire need of remodeling can't they just build another terminal without disturbing this one while construction is in progress? I have a trip scheduled for NY later on in the year so I guess it will be the last time I will see this airport.

The only thing I like  about LaGuardia is that is the closest airport to NYC. I guess next year I'll have to flip a coin to see if I will even have a direct flight to NY or be rerouted through Atlanta.
While the attendants at the Virgin Airlines check in were very nice and welcoming, that is where it stopped.  Before entering the section to have your ID and Ticket checked you had to pass Attilla the Hun!  I almost felt accosted; however, she spread the 'cheer', being very rude to her own peer who was 'manning' the entrance with her.  Wow.....really??  ......The next stop was the 'Officer' to look at the ticket and I.D.  No smile or kind word there either, but I did make it past that check in point without a feeling of being accosted a second time.  And now comes the walk through x-raying bags, shoes, and people.....Once again, they kept in true form, carrying the rudeness on there.  One person tells me to step forward, another one tells me to step back....then come forward.... I should have figured out I could not do anything right for that whole process.  By time I finished going through that line I felt like I had been a bad, misbehaving child.  True - I come from the South where even the airport staff are usually friendly so I suppose I am spoiled.  But come on now.....it actually takes less time doing your job with a smile and does not cost a thing for a kind word.  I can promise you, if I had been given proper instructions when arriving at the 'x-ray' step, it would have definitely been quicker.  Evidently at LGA it must cost each airiport employee something for smiling or talking nice because they were sure not willing to give out any of either.
I really don't like this airport.  It feels dirty no matter where you look and its often a pain in the patoot to get to based on the method you are getting there.  I am stuck using the BQE so we have to pass every major traffic inconvenience to get there since I am in Bay Ridge.  Outside of this, once you get inside it always feels like a clusterf**k, massive lines everywhere and no real positive flow of people traffic.  Yes I realize its an airport in a major metropolitan area but there are ways to move things along quickly.  

There is no way around the security precautions and while its sometimes a bit much I am thankful for them as they are there to make sure nothing bad happens.  My observations about this area is that there could be a little more signage to enter the terminal about what you specifically need to do.  Lately I have been putting any rings, pins and watches in my shaving kit as opposes to taking it all off to put in a bin.  I'd lose stuff like that.  

This airport really needs a massive overhaul and perhaps rebuilding as it is an entrance to our great Metropolis.  I dread coming here but fear that I must since Spirit flies directly to my destination only from this airport while JFK does not.  So far I have been lucky in terms of my flights being on time but that was based on my getting the first flight out of the city to go to my destination.  I have learned that its often already here based on where its coming from.  My only good experience with this place. Another upside is the charging stations that I viewed around me.  I love a full phone charge but didn't take advantage of these on my last visit.
I wish I could give this airport half a star, this is by far the WORST airport I've ever seen or been to in my whole entire life. It's in desperate need of a makeover and repairs. It has no public transportation option, other than a bus which runs really infrequently and drops you off a few feet from the terminals. The food option is absolutely horrendous. The airport looks like it was late... to a party in the 1960's. Very dirty, rundown, and lack of wifi and clean bathrooms. The airport staff are just as bad as the airport, giving you smug looks and attitudes. I recently took a flight to Miami from here in the winter, and that was the last time i flew out from LGA. The line was 2 1/2 hours long and if it wasn't for the check in desk, I would've missed my flight and wait in this hellhole until the next available flight. Thank God they announced a makeover of this airport, it was a long time coming.
One star because the restrooms are small, one of the dirtiest airports I have been in... Trash everywhere, puke on the floor, and the food choices are not great
Third world airport in the middle of NYC. Bathrooms are overflowing and the stench is mind numbing. Very few if any staff is knowledgable or professional about a pleasant flying experience.
I ALMOST MISSED MY FLIGHT WAITING ON MY PRETZEL! I ordered from the nice convenient ipads at the bar and it said it would be less than 15 minutes for my food to come out but we waited and WAITED and the check in counter was calling our name for last minute boarding. The ordering bar was within view of the check in and the frantic looks exchanged between us and the lady was tense. We finally got our food (good thing I asked for it to-go) and ran to board the plane. Opening the box I found my pretzel was the wrong type and it was still soggy and bland! The bagels we ordered were wrong and not toasted like we asked and they were STILL FROZEN! We were hungry and tired so we ate the sad excuse for food. 0/10 WOULD NOT RECOMMEND
The worst! Small, stinky, overcrowded, no food options, not an outlet in site and the smallest bathrooms I've ever seen. And don't even get me started on the security line. I will only fly in and out of here if I truly have no other option.
(I ticked the "free wifi" button, but you only get 30 minutes free)

I had a layover yesterday at LGA. First, they don't have a runway open so my plane has to circle NYC. I had thought that kind of waste of gasoline ended in the 1970's. We spend a dizzying half hour at a speed and altitude very conducive to turbulence. 

Finally we land and pull into gate C1. Good thing I have a smartphone, because the pilot has no connecting flight info, and the tiny departures screen is hard to find. My phone says that the connecting flight is on time (it would later change to 40 minutes late) and at gate C41. The terminal I've landed at has gates C1-C14 and no map. So I ask an attendant where the rest of the C gates are, and she insists that only my airline can answer that. 

Finally I get directions to the gate which is serving as a shuttle stop to transfer to another terminal. Apparently LaGuardia's "Terminal B" contains gates starting with all of A, B, C, and D, each letter with its own security checkpoint. (again, this information is acquired from the internet, not from there being a map anywhere in the terminal itself).
In terminal B, there's no alcohol on the gate side of security. What did I do to deserve this?
Well LaGuardia is not an airport I would ever want to be stuck in for several hours...and unfortunately I was stuck here for 5 hours. The airport is definitely not the most updated and is under construction but it just screams disgusting. I felt like I was walking in a dirty underground tunnel. I guess the AC doesn't run in terminal C so they had fans everywhere. The bathrooms were awful. And the food court was subpar. They have gotten rid of cashiers and now you order and pay with an iPad. The only pro to this airport was that they had thousands of ipads on the tables throughout the terminal. You can order from them and your food and drinks are brought to you where ever you are. Plus they are good for entertainment while waiting for your flight. Which we did, for several hours...
Outdated, Hot, Stinky Small Airport in the middle of America's gateway city to the World. Where do I start? Two lane TSA, they could not accommodate a business class line, or a Precheck line, but magically were able to find space for the "Clear" paraphernalia. Or the Super hot, stinky waiting area outside the gate, that had about 10 seats where 90+ people boarding a 737-800 have to wait. I am not passing through LGA ever again.
What is going on @LGA??  The terminal B, concourse C TSA Pre closed, no trays, NONE, a TSA  employee raging at passengers, yelling "I don't get no respect for my job!!, a supervisor trying to sush her up.  Chaos.  It's time for this group to start running a grownup operation.
Terminal B TSA Pre check closed - Long lines at security, only 1 counter open, lack of organization by TSA operator. Unacceptable.
This airport was the worst airport I've ever been too. Rude staff everywhere we went. A lady in front of me was crying because the security who was a blonde bigger lady was yelling at her and told her not wear a glitter skirt. Then told the lady to go ahead and report her and have a nice day in a sarcastic voice. Then the people in the coffee shop were extremely rude. Worst staff I've ever encountered. If you work at a airport I advise you to be friendly. Won't be coming back.
I've been through LaGuardia four times now which equals four times too many. This airport needs to be bulldozed and redone.

Check in at American was painless, but security was extremely slow.

The internet is only free for 30 minutes after watching a commercial or downloading an app. The internet was slower than the TSA security line and I ended up using my phone's hotspot.

In order to go between terminals you have to exit the secure areas, which means you get to go through the molasses security line.

In the D terminal gate area there are very few food and shopping choices, nothing really fresh or hot to choose from.

The only thing this airport has going for it is its proximity to Manhattan.
Just had a great vacation in New York and our flight left from LaGuardia airport. This is the worst airport I have ever been to.  The employees at TSA apparently hate their jobs!  The first TSA agent we had to encounter was extremely rude, and mumbled we couldn't even understand what he was saying to us. The other agents were just as rude as we went through the screening process!  What a horrible way to end our vacation in New York!  Also the restrooms in the B gate area were unclean and gross!!
Terminal B is hell on earth. And unfortunately, a lot of airlines that I primarily fly use that terminal. I hear that some parts of the airport are upgraded. After flying through there about 10 times in the last year, I refuse to believe it.

There is no precheck line for the terminal. I know it sounds elitest or snobby or whatever you want to call it, but I paid for it to have access. You have to wait in the regular line and then bring a piece of paper, if they have some, to use the metal detector vs. the rapiscan. But don't worry, there is only one (long) line, so you won't miss where you're supposed to go, and even though this process has been around for 10+ years, you still end up behind the person with bottles of hairspray and a pocket knife.

Make sure to have your phone charged before you get to LGA and carry a powerbank as well. There are maybe 8 power outlets in this entire terminal and it turns into Hunger Games for these spots. People are camped out around the people using them, encroaching on their space, to try to get them to leave. And if they even flinch towards their outlet, everyone moves even closer. Don't count on any personal space.

The food is abysmal; the soup from Au Bon Pain is probably the best option and it's more than $5 for a little cup that's probably been sitting out for days. Otherwise, it's a cold sandwich or stale pretzel for you.

If you are waiting for a pick-up or Uber, it is such a mess. There is one little lane full of cars, with no one monitoring stationary cars that just sit and wait and block everything. I will fly into EWR or JFK and deal with the train and subway before going to LGA, but especially because there is no decent public transportation option from LGA! (No, the M60 bus doesn't count, that thing sucks with luggage and to people unfamiliar with the area.)
Cafe in front of C31 is infested with flies. I ordered my food and flows just came swarming down. Don't even want to eat it anymore.
Ugh New York I love you but New York La Garbage airport, I can do without you. I'm sorry but this airport as popular and busy as it is, is one of the worst airports I've ever been to. The hallways are narrow and congested like the streets and sewage system in NY. I will compare it to NY at 12 midnight... The facade is all black bags of smelly garbage. The bathroom smells and the minute you step outside it smells like sewage.  United's terminal/wing had least to be desired choice in restaurants. Ugh. My 2 favorite things about airports totally failed me at LGA: bathrooms and food!
I'm just glad my flight was on time and I didn't have to spend another minute awing at its beauty.
Terminal B has a lovely third-world atmosphere. Very limited seating, limited food and stagnant air. Miserable place to have to wait out a 5 hour delay.
One of the worst airports in the country. Riddled with delays at all times. The terminals are so tiny that you'll often be stuck with hundreds of people standing shoulder to shoulder waiting for flights from morning to leave during the early evening hours lol. HVAC system is bad so you will be sweating and smelling others' body odor as you do. If you're a guy don't think about using the restroom. There is only one for an ENTIRE terminal.  Some of the laziest people work in NY. If you see that they lived there or are borne there, do not hire them lol.
I had SUCH a wonderful trip visiting family for a wedding. I danced. I laughed. I drank. I valued the strong bond of family and love... 

...This all went down the shitter once I landed in Somalia... Er, I mean Queens, NY. 

#ThirdWorldProbz
A smelly filth pit. That pretty much sums it up. Joe Biden was right, this airport needs a lot of work. 

One thing they can't fix is when you land, you feel like your are going down a drain. It is not a straight landing, you have go in circles and lose altitude with every rotation.

The baggage claim area stunk to high heaven.
I've been to many airports around the world and this has easily taken the bottom of my list... I'm embarrassed that NYC, one of the biggest cities in the world, has this low quality of airport here. Everything from taking a bus to get there, no signage at the bus stop (directed by a random passer-by), a long line to go through TSA, no personality in the interior decor, one bathroom with three toilets and three urinals for the entire terminal for men (long line for usage), and a tiny hallway with people bumping into each other, and not many places for people to charge their mobile devices. I mean with a list that long for an airport where a lot of tourists and foreigners receive their experience in America, it's pretty sad as a reflection of the country. I will do anything I can now to avoid flying from here after experiencing it.
I was amazed at how janky this airport is. After you go through security, the food options for most of the terminals (We flew southwest) are just basically coffee places or those gift shops. There was one restaurant and it was packed and didn't even serve a lot of different dishes. The terminals are split into tiny hallways that are just terrible. 

Main annoyance: they only give you 30 minutes for the free wifi. Then they kick you off indefinitely unless you pay!!!

Also, security when we were leaving NYC was terrrrrible. There was a line to even get into the line for security and even though I have TSA pre-check, the guy told me "they weren't doing that." I'm glad we had left Manhattan 2 hours before to make sure we had enough time. 

This really is one of the worst airports I've been to. And I've flown seriously 12 times to different cities just in the last year alone.
There are many things wrong with this airport. To start, it is very confusing, since signage is lacking throughout. I landed in terminal D and needed to get to terminal B, but nowhere is there a sign that points you in the right direction. We finally found the American Airlines shuttle which only has a sign from where it leaves...and of course no one was there to tell us we where in the right place so we had to go to the help desk. Then there are the food options...or I mean the lack of food options. Terminal B had one restaurant that actually cooks food, but half of the people that ordered became frustrated with the service or food that was brought out. Avoid eating here if you can. By the way, terminal D had some very nice looking restaurants, but after we took the shuttle we were stuck in B. Anyway, hit up JFK for a much better airport.
HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE. I am flying today with my family and everything that could go wrong did. First of all the TSA in gate A is GARBAGE. They obviously do not know how to do there job. They told my family and I that we are clear and one female began to yell at me telling me to go back. Why? She just cleared me. After this issue they didn't want to give my family and I are bags back. They thought we were taking someone else's things. Wth. You cannot tell me I cannot take my things. I understand the process and completely comprehend but once you clear me why the heck do I have to get cleared again. All I can say is I will NEVER be coming to this airport again. I have never felt so ashamed. Beware to flyers. Make sure you know everything valuable that's in your bag, and check it once it's been cleared. Unfortunately I have to give them one star, if I was able to I would give them a 0.
What the heck happened. We were all told the flight would be delayed 18 minutes than delayed 40 minutes. No other updates and have been delayed for well over an hour. This is rediculous. If I could give negative stars I would. This is appsolutely ridiculous. Ha flight got cancelled on top of it. Wonderful.
LaGuardia is the definition of hell. When you fly into LaGuardia, it makes you wonder if you've really arrived in New York City, because you feel as if you are in a 4th world country in this airport.
The toilets are old and disgusting. I left Manhattan at 3pm but due to heavy traffic and accidents everywhere, it took me 2 hours to get in. I literally had 10 min to make my flight yet nobody at the airport was helpful. The people at the Xray machine were extra slow and ignored me because they were too busy talking to each other. 
If you have no choice to fly into LGA, I'm sorry for you. It is lacking in public transportation options, you can take the bus (good luck) or cab, but there are no trains.
Seriously American Airlines? Your C gates are disgusting. Thankfully I'm not handicapped or had a heavy bag. The 3 flights of stairs you made us climb after walking through the the rain coming off of the cramped shuttle from the exclusive C terminal were a nice transition. The Vegas-style signs are especially welcoming. Just missing the curls of smoke. I'm currently sitting on the floor of your terminal while an air conditioner drips next to me because there aren't even close to enough chairs for half of the flights here. There are 3 small food vendors for 15 gates. The ceiling is literally falling down, which fits nicely with the security cameras dangling by wires. I'd love a glass of wine, but alas-- not a bar in sight. I'm afraid to use the bathroom.
I usually have pretty alright experiences here. However this time was different. Never have I been spoken to in such a degrading way and condescending tone by someone who can't do their job properly. Older man with the white haired, annoyingly trimmed mustache from US Airways needs to be fired. Wish I got his name to complain further.
The restrooms  are the most unsanitary I have ever seen and I have been traveling domestic as well as overseas for years.  I honestly thought it was best to wait until I boarded the plane.
Full disclosure - this airport is currently undergoing major renovations that, will hopefully, make it a better place for travelers. But as of right now, I maintain that it sucks. Compared to other cities LaGuardia is an abomination.  But I digress....

Pros (yes, there are pros...): 
The Delta terminal. Seems to me that most of the money over the past few years has gone into renovating this space. While it is small, it's cleaner than the rest of the airport and somewhat more organized. There are plenty of spaces to eat and places to charge your electronics. 

Proximity
You really can't beat the proximity of LGA to Manhattan. Without traffic it's a 15-20 minute cab ride into Midtown. 

Parking
The airport is not that big, so depending on where your airline is, you can be out of the terminal and in your car in 15 minutes. Trust me, when you've been traveling all damn day and just want to go home, you'll appreciate being able to get to your car without getting on a bus or a tram (sorry JFK or Newark). 

The People
Despite all of the ridiculousness, I rarely find anyone that works there to be mean or nasty. Most of the time they're rolling with it because they have to. It's quite funny to watch. 

Cons:
Everything else.  
If you are flying out of LaGuardia, bake in at least 30-45 minutes of travel time to allow for sitting out on the tarmac before takeoff. If you are flying into LaGuardia, count on your flight either getting delayed or cancelled because the airspace is constantly too full to allow planes to land. 

If you have TSA Pre-Check, count on this line either being closed or being reduced to "expedited boarding." Neither one of these allows me to get to my gate any quicker or keep my clothes on/laptop stored, hence defeating the purpose of TSA Pre-Check. HELLO??? And when the Pre-Check line is open? They don't police the people who clearly don't belong there. Most other airports I fly in and out of keep this in check. LaGuardia? Nah. 

Lines, Lines everywhere. I'm not talking about long lines that move at a decent pace - I am talking about long lines that snake every which way with no real organization. 

Lots of things smushed into small spaces. 

I will update my review once the renovations are done. But for now, stay away. JFK is a much better choice.
VERY BAD SERVICE OF TSA PEOPLE! My luggage was just a bit bigger of the actual hand carry luggage and this b*tch Nicole that works in TSA wants me to check it in already! Giving me and my husband a bad attitude at 530am. Then she has the effin guts to say we need to change our attitude. We came from SFO to LGA 6 days ago and we didn't have to check in nothing. Now we are leaving from LGA we HAVE to check in pur hand carries. Not even that...security TSA has a bad customer service too. Doesn't people know how to greet and smile at this airport. There was only ONE TSA guy who was joking around and made me smile. Good thing i ain't coming back to LGA for vacay again and if i do, i will take JFK airport instead. Maybe it makes a difference with their attitude.
How does LGA not have pre check lines. More important how about educating LGA staff so they are on the same page as to what to tell pre check people to do.
My first thought as I got off the plane: "What an ugly little airport." As others have stated, it's like it's trapped in time...like in the 70s. 

It's dirty and doesn't look like there's enough seating at the gates.

The biggest pet peeve: The women's bathroom at Gate B has one toilet. ONE TOILET for all of those gates. And that bathroom has seen better days. It was truly awful.

My way back to Chicago, the security line was very long and very disorganized. It was quite the headache. 

But what can you do? Southwest flies to LaGuardia and you generally hope not to spend too much time at the airport anyway. 

A major overhaul is long overdue.
Worst airport ever! For all the money that NYC gets this is the best they have. Hot small and disgusting. This airport just proves how greedy NYC is with their money, put it back into your places not your pockets and Madison ave. Hate it here hot and disgusting its like being in a giant toilet.
This is the worst airport I have ever been to, the terminals are all separated and difficult to get around the entire airport. They are due to do major reconstruction of the airport and make it new and modern which I hope they do. You can only get to this airport by car because there is no tram system like jfk. The airport just looks rundown and old, doesn't look like what you would expect an airport in NYC to be.
I went through security on 11-14 around 1:45 pm. I was asked if I had all my items out of my pocket and replied yes thinking that I have. Well, I had forgotten my cell in my left back pant pocket. This innocent error on my part begot me a hostile and angry reprimand by a lady security personnel. Is she here to discharge such hostility towards travelers or to serve? Did the world end because I had to go back and place my cell phone in the x-ray machine? There is no excuse for such behavior and I hope she is identified and coached accordingly. She has filled the beginning of my travel with angry emotions.
Worst airport in the world, literally. Delays, cancellations, and worst alternative flights. AVOID. PLZ.
I would give negative 3 stats if I could as this is a third world airport.   It is old, smelly and inefficient and they should shit it down until they fix it.  I cannot believe they are waiting so long to fix it.   Shame on them for making the US look bad with this half ass airport.  Look at Hong Kong, Shanghai or Denver for an example of how good airports look .  Who ever is directly and indirectly in charge of this airport should be fired.
Basically everything about LaGuardia is terrible... 
This airport basically looks like the 70's took a sh*t all over it, and called it an airport. 
For a four-terminal airport, the signage here is awful and most people don't know where the hell they are going at any given time to get to their destination. 
One of the main buildings has all cracked windows allowing hundreds of birds to fly on in at their pleasure...
Once you get past security, you'll have to pay $4 for a coffee, but not just any coffee, a KEURIG K-cup coffee. I also had a very difficult time finding alcohol in Terminal 2, which is unfortunate since the smell in here is awful and I really could have used a beverage or five. 
There is also very limited seating, and I'm also pretty sure the air conditioning in Terminal 2 is broken, since the last two visits I've had there I've had hot flashes waiting to board my plane. 

The reconstruction of LGA is supposed to begin in 2016 and be completed by 2019. I'm very excited for that since I'm pretty sure no one has touched this place since the mid-1900s.
I hate this airport!! The customer service is poor. They are so rude and nasty. I needed help with a luggage cart. And I tried to ask an attendant checking those leaving baggage claim. He ignored me as I called him three times. I had to leave my luggage because it was too heavy to walk up to him directly. Then he ignored me again and said I have to pay to get the cart. I said I know that. I already paid and it won't dispense my cart. Then he said you have to remove the cart and I said I know it won't let me.  Then he walked away from me and said you had to pay.  I check my account. They charged me for the cart and didn't even get one !!! So annoyed with this airline. If you can't deal with people don't work for a place that has a lot of people!!!! The rudest people I've seen. I fly atleast once a month. I've flown out of the country and states along the east coast.  So airlines and dealing with flying is not new to me. This is by far the worst airline I've flown with.  LGA get new staff.
Fuck this airport. I was waiting for an hour and 30 minutes to get my bags to checked in due to the inefficiency and lack of support from the staff of this airport. As a result, i missed my flight. This is great way to spend the holidays.
Embarrassingly outdated. Gate flight info is posted by hand with letter blocks, like a church.

Terminal B sucks.
Eh, what can I say that hasn't already been realized when your here.. Old, confusing walking around, driving around, and basically is ghost town status after last regularly scheduled flights at 8:30.. Bars, shops and food courts close due to conditions of their leases apparently, so plan ahead on the beverages and snackage fronts!!
I usually try to remain positive, but I'm seriously disappointed with this airport for a large NYC airport.  It is somewhat challenging to navigate.  The food options seem to be overpriced cold sandwiches unless you eat before heading out to the gates.  And the bathrooms are overwhelmed with every plane that empties out or they are all being cleaned at the same time.  
Like I said, I try to remain positive, but I'm very disappointed in what this airport has to offer travellers.  With that being said, I would love to hear that I actually missed the things that might have made this a better experience.
One of the worst airports in the country. If not *the worst*. It's really no better than a bus station. I avoid as much as possible but sometimes the routing and pricing are way better than JFK. So here's what you need to know...

Arrivals: Luggage takes forever to unload. There are shuttles from each terminal to the car rental agencies. The taxi line takes forever but watch out for pushy people trying to get you into their cabs at baggage claim - this is highly illegal and most likely not safe.

Departures: the terminals can be pretty confusing, especially with the American/USAir merger that is now complete. It is best to check for your terminal before you get to the airport. There is TSA Pre-check but only at certain areas so look out for those if you have that privilege. Concessions/food is pretty boring but at least in the Delta/American (former USAir gates) there are sections where you can charge your devices and use ipads for free.

Pro-tip: on a good day, midtown Manhattan is a $30 cab ride and only takes 20 minutes.
The entire airport, though big, is very cramped and makes me feel like I am in a shoe box. There is not enough space at each gate for people to sit down and wait for their flight, as well as the lack of food options when waiting awhile for your flight. Bathrooms are dirty. I would fly into LGA but not out of. 
Wifi is only 30 min free then you have to pay. That is horrible in this day and age!
Terrible terrible airport! 

Just to check in luggage took us 50 mins because there were only 6 people at the kiosks and using only 6 computers! This is for Southwest. Apparently all the other computers were not working. 

When you check in your luggage, you have to bring your own checked luggage to another screening area, instead of the attendants just placing it on the conveyor belt behind them. Such a waste of time!

Just to get through TSA took another 40 mins. 

The worst part about TSA check in is that the TSA officers should be checking people's boarding pass and IDs instead of conversing about transgenders!!

I've never flown out of this airport but will never fly out of here again.
Always a delay in taking off. Third rate. Always use JFK if you can...
Donald Trump and Joe Biden both agree that this place is "Third World" quality. That truly says something. 

With the Exception of the Delta gates in terminals C and D, LGA is a dump and it's amazing that anything here works. 

This place is a recipe for disaster by design:
1) the terminals are too small to handle the amount of traffic that is entering New York city. The last time I was there the security line snaked more than a quarter of a mile.

2) The severely small amount of runway space combined with the intense local fog leads to a large number of delays that strand passengers, further cramping the already inadequate boarding areas


3) The staff can be quite unfriendly and unhelpful--a lot of the time it feels like they're herding cattle, not passengers. I understand that this is New York, but seriously, this is the doorway to the city and also a connection point for lots of passengers. 

4) The facilities are antiquated and decrepid. Terminals B and C are quite tired and are not physically equipped to handle 21st century air traffic. Terminal B Doesn't have an in-line baggage system, so passengers have to haul their luggage to a scanning room, where it's thrown on huge piles--it literally looks like the steerage hold of a steamship. Unacceptable. 

SO--you have a facility with inadequate space for passengers or planes, which breeds a vicious cycle of congestion and delays, and on top of that you have a rude workforce that further stokes the anger of the passengers. 

Do better New York.
I've heard that efforts have been made to improve LaGuardia. If that's so then I can't imagine how bad it was before. I arrived at the airport 90 mins in advance with no luggage to check in and boarding pass in hand, and still almost missed the plane. The reason is because there was no designated terminal that led to my gate! After wandering around for a while, I was told that to get to my gate which was C38 I had to go through the D gates and take a shuttle, and the shuttle sign was hidden in a corner near the D gates! It's like they were trying to mislead you. And of course the shuttle took a long time because mine was not the only gate that people couldn't find. There was confusion everywhere. No wonder Joe Biden compared this to a third world airport.
A "necessary evil" of airports when we visit NYC.....in need of a major renovation!! I don't say that lightly....I've traveled extensively and I've been to LaGuardia many times. Even the Christmas decorations were dismal this year. Everything is so cramped and dreary....shuttle pick up area, seating in boarding areas, security check points, etc.  Floors and bathrooms need better cleaning, as well. The only redeeming place with some space and decent windows is the lower level food court area. 

Step up your game, LaGuardia - you are a major hub for the world to see and we want you to look amazing as you welcome people to one of the greatest cities.
Luck FaGuardia! This airport needs to be demolished and rebuilt! This Airport cannot handle the amount of air traffic that needs to get into the Greater NYC Area. It also cannot handle the amount if road traffic trying to get into LGA. This place needs to be completely scrapped off the map.
To experience New York's Finest Rudeness, LGA is the place to be!! Such a crowded, small with rude staff regardless of airline and position. These are the most disgruntal people in the planet and if you need to be given a dirty look and sarcasm, just approach anyone working here and they wont dissapoint!
I only flew in and out of this airport (rather than JFK) because local transportation outside of the airport was easy and it's closer to Manhattan. However, I am not a fan. The security checking took FOREVER. Security didn't have a clue how to get everyone organized. I am now waiting for my flight which was supposed to board 30 minutes ago. The lady on the intercom then said the flight will be delayed another 15 minutes due to "maintenance." I've been waiting for a while, and I now discover my flight is delayed for ONE MORE
HOUR. ARE YOU SERIOUS? The woman at the front desk didn't even announce it at first, someone had to walk up and ask.. And THEN she announced it over the intercom. Thanks for telling us, lady!! Why can't they just get it moving/ be prepared? Everyone I've talked to in New York has also said this airport is the absolute worst. I now know why. I am very frustrated. I HATE LAGUARDIA.
Worst airport in the last 82 I've used because their WiFi is non-existent (apart from lounges), lounges are small & overall terrible, the ATC priority is suspect to delays, the winds off Flushing Bay don't help delays, the terminal interior is 1972 in both style & maintenance standards, the bathrooms are generally horrid unless they were recently remodeled (years' long pace suggests massive PA bribery/corruption), roadway confusion is both dangerous & stressful, the proximity to nearby homes is dangerous, the mass transit connectivity is only via Q70-LTD or M60 which are perhaps the only redeeming factor here.
Truly the worst airport on the planet. Everything about this place begs for a complete teardown. Food quality is subpar, not enough seats for travelers and there is only incomplete TSA precheck.
Quite possibly the worst airport you could fly in and out of. Between the unfriendly, uncaring, unknowledgable staff. The horrific traffic with outdated roads and traffic patterns, car accidents from bad, impatient and rude drivers. The lack of food options and way way over priced junk. Down to the lack of seating when you eat, wait, etc. This is the bottom of the barrel. If not for work purposes, I would and have avoided this dump like the plague. If there was an option to rate this place lower I would have. I have flown in and out of here over 50 times in the last few years and it just gets worse.
They need more food options and to upgrade basically the entire facility. Fly into jfk if you can..
The oldest 'almost' dump of an airport there is in the Tri-State. I'm surprised the asbestos hasn't started to seep through the already decomposing walls. I heard somewhere, many moons ago, that they were going to tear this place down and build a new one.

The clock is ticking...!!!
Let's face it, airports suck. They do. Glorified cattle cars where we're subjected to the touch, smells, and germs of complete strangers and asked to be happy with it. From someone that takes 100+ flights a year, this is fact I have accepted without expectation of anything otherwise. Now, don't get me wrong, there are exemptions. LaGuardia, however, is not one. LaGuardia is the base, the lowest of the low, from which any, absolutely any, airport in the country will excel in one way or the other. Let's look past the fact that you should show up two hours before your flight if you want even the slightest of chances to take a piss before you're skyward. Let's look past its antiquated boarding process that hasn't seen much, if any, improvement since the 70's. Let's look past the fact that you're expected to take your shoes off in a place where an inner city Detroit Motel 6 lobby would exceed in cleanliness. Let's look past all that. When you think New York City, you think culture, you think diversity. And, after spending time in the Melting Pot, you might want one last taste of the city before you go. Hope you like Dunkin Donuts. Maybe they skimp on good food because they expect you to run to your flight without chance of stopping? Either way, if you're unfortunate enough to have a layover at LaGuardia, expect to be hungry for a bit. The place sucks, ok? It just does, and I'd rather walk next time than go through that sh:t again. Not really, of course, but damn, Yelp is for ranting right?
Joe Biden was right this is a third world airport. I fly weekly and this place is the worse. There is only 1 bathroom for the entire C terminal and they only have 3 stalls. Getting picked up is a nightmare. They allow Ubers and Fubers. (Fake Ubers) to double park.  I have heard the drivers ask each other who the supervisor is and how much do you have to give him to park at the passenger pick up. If you have to pick up luggage, you first have to find a person who would know where to go, good luck with that. 
Unfortunately to where I need to fly to weekly I am locked into this airport. 
I really miss Jet Blue at JFK
If you can avoid this mess of an airport the better off you will be
I've traveled to many places around the world and for a first impression it makes you feel in a 3rd world country. Dirty, dingy, not enough seating, small bathrooms. As we entered the bathroom the cleaning lady was banging on the door timing the lady in the bathroom. As we were washing our hands we realized there were homeless people living in the bathroom stalls! The cleaning lady and homeless lady were arguing. Where is the security? Welcome to NYC!
Terrible!  There's no bad weather as far as I can see but yet they can't seem to get their act together with getting flights out on time.  I'm sitting at the gate and my Delta flight has already been delayed 3 times since I've been here.  I took a picture of the departure board.  How many "on time" flights do you see?
For being the most populated city in the U.S, this place is a shithole! One would think with all the tourist rolling through they would make this place bigger, and better. Nope.. NY make so much money but will not pay for bigger airports! Never coming back to LaGuardia.
Can Governor Cuomo, other NY officials and LGA's Biggest airlines please bring this airport to the digital age. 

At American Airlines Terminal and now I know why I never fly out of her

1. No Train to plane connection still and this is the closest airport to NYC.

2. No free WiFi for tourists, visitors - really? Just do it!

3. Security lines very long

4. Food and coffee vendors at this terminal - Bad and not much of a selection. Not even a good coffee place? Really in nyc?

5. Bathrooms are too small for traffic.

It's 2016, this airport is the first touch point for many national and worldwide business and leisure vistors - it has to be updated now not manana.
I don't like this airport because when I was sitting in the airport terminal, it was super hot, like a dry sauna & they can't even turn the A/C on, what is this 1900? 
We're in 2016 and you don't have the ability to turn the A/C on when it's hot in the downstairs terminal? 

Then they announced that my flight was leaving from another terminal, so I moved upstairs, and it was cooler, and they have iPads where I could place dinner orders on.  The only problem was that the food options were so incredibly overpriced that I didn't want to eat anything. 
I added a chicken strip that was $14 and they automatically added gratuity, and I didn't like that, so I walked over to a small store near my terminal, and bought a $9.99 sandwich, which was good.

I really hate it when restaurants automatically add gratuity. From my understanding, when restaurants do this, it's considered a service charge, not a tip. The airport restaurant should MENTION this on the iPad that it's a service charge, NOT a tip (gratuity). 

I felt that they were ripping hungry travelers off. It's very frustrating to have your flight delayed 1 hour and 40 minutes, and be hungry, then see outrageously overpriced food items, and automatic gratuity added. 

NO THANKS
First of all, you have to take your own bags to security clearance like you're an employee of the airport. They aren't a clean enough airport to require you remove your shoes going thru security so wear think socks that you don't mind throwing away afterward. The one sit down restaurant charges $10 for yogurt, $8 for a grapefruit, and $19 for the poorest cheese plate ever. I feel like the janitors have never used Lysol and/or bleach to clean here. It's very outdated and old looking. #worstairportever
Having been to 3rd world countries, this airport is probably more disorganized than those in such countries. It amazes me that to get to a different terminal one has to wait 10 mins to take an old bus, which is the reason why I lost my connecting flight to Montreal. I will try to schedule my flights so I dont have to come through here ever again.
As far as I'm concerned, this is hands down the worst airport in the world.

I don't have the time or energy to write about all or even a portion of the horrendous experiences I have had at this shit-hole.
Only giving 1 star because its hosting Spirit Airlines! 
Don't ever try them unless you are in love with bad treatment.
Laguardia was a pretty horrible experience for me.  I got here an hour and 15 minutes early for a 6:00am flight, the security line was so long, and there was a line for the line wrapping all the way back to baggage check.  I am a musician and got taken aside for carrying my saxes as a carry on, even though I tried to explain the law states I may take it on board if it fits, my case is designed specifically to fit in an overhead.  I then got taken aside again for a minuscule amount of water left in my water bottle, they gave me two options, toss it, or go outside and dump it and then wait through security again.  Afraid of missing my flight I had to throw it away.  They closed the doors just as I arrived and would not let me board my southwest flight.  Never again.
NYC! A lovely city with one of the crappiest airports I've ever experienced.

What kind of huge, major international city allows itself to have such a pathetic airport?! Dingy, ancient, and horribly gross. LaGuardia has ONE line for security. ONE. So even when it's not busy, it can take forever and a day to get through this checkpoint. 

Secondly, there are no restaurants once getting inside your terminal and passing through security. NONE. Just little stands with overpriced stale sandwiches that you would rather go hungry than be sick or unsatisfied from. 

Third, everything is congested and there are hardly enough seats for people throughout. 

Don't expect anything like clean bathrooms, charging outlets or any minor conveniences while traveling here. You will be greatly disappointed.
We had a 6:45am flight and stood in security lines for almost 1.5 hours. The TSA setup was a mess and when we asked for assistance or managers, we continuously got yelled at to stay in line. Due to sheer luck we made the flight, but even during boarding airline staff were extremely rude.
I understand this was a TSA issue but both the airport and the airline need to take responsibility for the problem.

Be aware of early am flights when you would expect the airport to be slower, or at least well/ functionally run.
Depressing, outdated, too small. You'll trip over everyone else trying to get to a gate, no one smiles and its hellish hot. The only redeeming factor about the place is that the view is decent when and if you get the hell out of there. Nothing says Welcome to New York like a visit to LaGuardia. It's an embarrassment.
An absolute disgrace. If I arrive late and nearly miss my flight, that is due to my own incompetence. If, however, I arrive two hours early, make it through TSA screening, and nearly miss my flight because the TSA is holding my carry-on hostage and won't check it, that is YOUR incompetence. I understand the need for screening, but after the first ten minutes, I went up and asked for a bag screen. "Don't worry, we will find someone." Ten more minutes. I ask again. "Don't worry, we will find someone." Ten more minutes, and I see them pull another bag off and immediately inspect it. I politely apologize for interrupting (because I am from the South and we have manners) and ask if she can do my bag after his, because I have been waiting thirty minutes. The woman was rude and nasty and told me to back off. Then, when she came to do my bag, I could hear her saying out loud to the other passengers and the other gentleman that she "had to go deal with the angry lady now". I'm sorry, if you don't want to deal with customer service, then you either need to actually graduate from high school or you should process the luggage efficiently instead of making people wait for half an hour while you inspect other bags. What did the other bag have in it? Shaving razors. What did mine have in it? A makeup brush that "might be a knife". Screening is ABSOLUTELY necessary; however, so is actually allowing people to go to their gates, and so is customer service.
As we sit and wait at the terminal for our flight we decided to order some coffee and oatmeal. To our dismay breakfast was just ending, we pressed the "call your server" button and unfortunately no one ever came by. Very disappointed as we had to gather our belongings and walk to another terminal just for a cup of coffee.
Extremely slow security lines, and by far the worst signage I've ever seen at an airport.  We were in C38 and followed the signs to C terminal and was told to go to D terminal in which it said absolutely nothing about any C terminals.  This airport is a joke and many others in the security line felt the same way.
This has to be one of the worst "big city" airports I've ever been to. Lack of good eating places and the whole airport just looks OLD and OUTDATED!! I can't believe there would be an airport of this quality in the best city in the world. I'm flying into JFK the next time. BLECH!!
The pits....Doesn't deserve one star. Really is a crappy airport, old and dirty. When will they update it? The food selection here is also crappy, very limited and bad.
Where do I start? LaGuardia is well overdue for an overhaul in the B terminal where Southwest and jet blue operate. Take note that they do NOT have a pre TSA line so better come extra early otherwise you seriously will risk missing flight on a busy travel day. Several were apologizing and asking permission to leap ahead. Thankfully I showed up extra early and didn't mind waiting. It did however make me extra grateful to the airports that do offer the preTSA line. I have to say also there could be a little more guidance given ahead of time by the staff and TSA agents to assist travelers. It's like pulling teeth when you ask them. And you get a very annoyed response.
I really wouldn't recommend flying into LaGuardia unless you just have to. Jfk and Newark are both close enough to NYC that you could make either of those work based on my colleagues who also flew in same time.
Never again will I go to LaGuardia.  
They think they're so modern with the stinking iPads at every kiosk, food and any purchase place.  But these are obnoxious and frustrating.  The cook waiting to fix your food is standing right in front of you, but you can't use words and tell 'em what you want, to gotta follow the idiotic steps thru the whole iPad sequences (often having to back up after going down a 'dead end') to make an order work.  Technology for the freakin sake of technology, actually slows everything down.  And is so anti-human.  Oh, and the whole airport is also very anti-cash, courtesy of these same obnoxious idioPads.    You go thru 6 windows or steps to order a freakin' beer, then the scrolling tip options come up.  Maybe some day the freakin machines will drink it for us. 
further, all those hundreds and hundreds of iPads got to have cost a huge bundle, and a large tech team to keep them running.  And for what?  replacing what were probably very decent (and far fewer) cash registers??  For raising our trade deficits further and further?  All those gadgets gotta be made overseas.  All of that IT apparatus has to raise the cost of travel enormously.  And for what?  to prove LaG is 21st century?  Or to line some crony's pocket, more likely.
Another much more down-to-earth example of how INHUMAN this airport is:  THERE ARE NO BENCHES ANYWHERE EITHER AT DEPARTURES OR ARRIVALS TO SIT ON.  ONLY AT THE G-D GATE-WAITING (boarding) AREAS OR THE PLACES WHERE YOU SPEND MONEY.  NOT at the places where, by whatever bad luck you may have had (cancelled flight, waiting for the air carrier's go-to hotel's shuttle to pick you up) you MIGHT HAVE TO WAIT a half hour or so.  The lack of benches at so many "have to wait" places amounts to a complete and in-your-face disregard for human beings.  County jail buildings have more decent respect for a tired human on their feet. 
NEVER AGAIN!!!!!!!!!
Next to LAX this one tops the nation's worst. Dirty, small, smells bad. Waited in a taxi line (one of three) for over 45 minutes. Getting out goes to one traffic lane....now that's genius! Not a fan, but all options into NY are less than stellar! Really wish someone would recognize the need for at least one nice airport to exist given the mass amount of travelers into NYC.
I have to downgrade from 2 stars but don't know if it is partially due to just being United airline. The airport feels worse, compounded by check-in. I seriously believe they are doing a marketing promotion for TSA Precheck cuz they start the security only after passengers line up all around the terminal. The terminal feels dead in terminal C with only one concession open...So that feels like another long line. Some entrepreneur should be selling as passeners wait in the security check!
You can't rate this airport even with one Star. Yelp needs to go into the minus column with less than.
They suck! Have been an on time flight in years. How can there be with 1 runway all the time.
But the governing board of the Port Authority keeps giving themselves raises.
Hey Mr Cuomo Do Something already...enough is enough!!!
Place is dirty and smells. Typical rude New York "service." Delays upon delays upon delays. Avoid connecting through this airport at all costs.
Please, for the love of God, bulldoze this airport and start over already! Having to go outside of security to change terminals is never conducive to modern air travel...especially with all the TSA Time Suck that you have to factor in now. 

If you can fly through JFK, EWR...or take a Grayhound, you'll be better off.
I absolutely HATE (times infinity) this airport. It is OLD ( a better word would be ancient) and needs a major facelift no matter the terminal .JFK is 1000 times better than LAG but sometimes if you're looking for a last minute flight LGA seems to have it. I don't know why people tend to believe LAG offers cheaper flights when JFK and LGA offer them for the same price. Do yourself the favor and avoid this airport . LGA needs to close down for a few months and be rebuilt bottom up and get new employees who are actually happy doing what they are doing . There is a reason why the Vice present brought up LGA in a negative way BECAUSE IT ACTUALLY REALLY SUCKS.
Old, dirty, hot and unorganized. LGA is my least favorite airport. I have been to many and this is one I never look forward to. Hopefully the remodel happens. That would be a blessing.
ARE YOU KIDDING ME ? ONE officer in the secuirity line checking everyone's boarding pass ,  it took 2 .5 hours to get to the gate , Our Flight was delayed because our crew didn't feel like driving , how ridiculous
We have been on the plain for 2 h taxi rubway is absurb we are in termina d delta ... And still 9 plains to go!
This airport is a dump, really is. It's old, ugly, uncomfortable. It seems like coming straight out from a 60s movie. It's time to revamp...
I am completely disgusted by the nastiness of the so called "people" that work at this airport, and never in my life have I witnessed such incompetency in an airport facility.

When flying through LaGuardia, make sure to expect rude staff everywhere you go, and make sure you arrive hours before your flight, even if you're flying domestically. 

I arrived for my domestic flight one hour before its departure, which is usually more than enough, but that'd be in an airport that runs efficiently, not LaGuardia. First, I was sent to the wrong line for the passport check process by an employee that obviously didn't know what she was doing, but was also extremely rude. When I reach the officer, he tells me that I'm in the wrong line. I ask him if I could go to the right gate if I enter through that line, and he says he doesn't care, that I can do whatever I want, but that I couldn't reach my gate through there. That led me to having to do another SLOW line. 

My flight was thankfully delayed by an hour, because if it wasn't for that I'd had missed it, for sure. At the TSA line, I'm guessing someone was getting trained, and no one told us anything, so there were two lines, one of them being completely useless because it was tremendously slow. Training should be done during other times, not when people have to catch flights. The first line went by smoothly but the second line, where I was standing, took 35 minutes. 35 minutes for a relatively small amount of people. I then had to wait for someone to check my bag, and only because I called a TSA officer, because the girl doing training just pulled my bag aside and didn't call anyone to check it.

Get ready for the incompetency of the people at this airport, for their disgusting attitude and temper, to wait long lines for stupid reasons, and for an overall horrible time. I will definitely be choosing JFK if I can during my next trip to New York.
Located in Queens, I find that this is airport is convenient and affordable but that comes with a price. This airport in my opinion is pretty crappy. Arriving in the popular NY, I feel an underwhelming feeling because of the outdated style and "cold" energy that the airport gives off. Even when leaving the place, there are construction signs and wired gates and panels on the street surrounding each terminal causing confusion and delays for incoming and outgoing traffic.

I was disappointed with my departure most of all, security didn't even stamp my Pre-TSA boarding pass, even though line was short and speedy, I expected a different outcome because that's pretty much what we pay for. If you're flying on United you'll be in Terminal B, and it sucks. The seats in Terminal B waiting area are so stiff and there aren't enough to go around. Plus the gates are close together when getting in line to board, it's pretty crowded. And I always arrive at the airport with a lot of time just to be a safe and also grab a bite to eat before I fly out, and I'm going to say it again, Terminal B sucks because there were only 3 choices of places where you can eat, 1 convenient store which sells fruit, salad, drinks and sandwiches and etc., a bakery place, and Auntie Anne's.... really? Those are my choices? I didn't eat lunch so I was HANGRY and I settled for Auntie Anne's pretzels... what a letdown.

And cleanliness in the restrooms can also be better, there were some stalls that seemed like it hadn't been cleaned out the whole day with toilet paper overflowing the trash bins, nasty!

From the looks from the other reviews, I'm not the only one that wasn't pleased with this place, I hope they revamp this airport quick.
They are currently undergoing some serious construction here and the airport closes during the night. They do not reopen until 4:30am. So basically if your flight is at 6am you are unable to arrive 2 hours before your flight. Never flying out of this airport again.
This airport is the Pitts what else can I say maybe in 4 years when the new lag airport is finish it will get better until then stay far away
This is THE WORST airport I've traveled through. There are seats available at the gate for about a fourth of the total number of seats sold on the plane. The restroom is a single stall and the line is ridiculously long. The very limited food choices are terrible- there is not a single healthy option. The facility is filthy. There are limited trash cans and when you can find one/ they are the size of trash cans in a home restroom. I just cannot understand the concept. Major renovations needed.
Airport opens at 4:30AM

The airport is overcrowded and their designated gates dont really follow the numerical or alphabetical order. Its understaffed and dirty, especially when i thought no one would be at the airport at 4:30 so 1 agent would suffice, wrong, it was flooded with a huge crowd catching 6 am planes.
The disrespect this company has towards their customers is unbelievable! Our flight which was supposed to leave at 7:55 pm ended up leaving at 9:00am the day after, instead of telling us the flight was cancelled from the start they made us wait, and would give us a different story every time. They did not pay for hotel or transportation, which they had promised they would. They gave us false information, and we were treated unbelievably bad. One of their staff members even told me to leave her desk, that she would not attend my needs, and that she had nothing to do with what was going on, I filed complaints on multiple employees from this company and ask for the money they promised from their headquarters and they did not listen to us, instead they sided with their rude, disrespectful employees, and did not help us what so ever. This company gave us checks with no funds to cover our hotel and transportation, they never gave us the money we were entitled and promised. They are liars and I don't trust anything they say. This company is the worst! No wonder the staff was so disrespectful not even their headquarters know how to work! I do not recommend DELTA and I will never fly with them again! I truly wish I could give them no stars. A company that lies and does not respect their customers doesn't deserve to be in business!
Fuck La Guardia. I was peacefully waiting for my flight in the morning when they kick me out of my terminal, which was open, but they said was closed, and forced me to walk back to another terminal just to wait another hour and a half so I can walk back to my terminal, what the actual fuck.
I'm using my free 30 minutes of Wi-Fi to say fuck this airport!

Terrible layout, security checkpoint I went through we so narrow and poorly designed that a line of people blocked the check-in kiosks and desks.
The employees here are incredibly slow, inefficient and mostly rude. While going through security, you can basically expect to be shouted at by someone working there, no matter what you do. I know airport security isn't exactly known for being pleasant, but the security at this airport just seems angry and miserable. After going through the metal detector, a lady told me to move on. A second one proceeded to give me the evil eye while sticking her hand out to stop me and yelling to stop. Apparently she was talking to the woman behind me, even though she was looking at me and had her hand out to stop me. A third person, a man, walks up and decides to talk to me as if I were an eight year old and shouted at me, "Pay attention, I'm telling you to go, people are waiting on you!" I saw countless other people around us with confused faces, as they were getting shouted at as well while security was giving everyone mixed signals. There were very few people in front of us anyway, and what should have been a ten minute process took over 30. They take their sweet time and move at a snail's pace, but take one second too long to get through and they'll be sure to make you feel like the biggest idiot to ever walk through their airport.
Fly weekly for work; been to airports all over the country. I absolutely dread flying in and out of this airport. My comments mainly apply to the American terminal (D gates), but have also commonly been the case for the Delta Shuttle terminal (Marine Terminal). Keep in mind that the airport cannot control weather, the FAA and their subsequent mandates, or if the President or VP flies into the airport.  

Size-wise, whoever built this airport had no idea how drastic the tri-state population would grow and how many people would travel through this airport as the years went on. Way too small for the number of people that are driving or flying through this airport. Structurally, it is insanity that no subway lines goes directly through the airport. Having to transfer to a bus is crazy. 

The thing which I most hate about this airport is the staff that work for the airport, the private contractors that the airport has hired, the employees which work for the airlines, and the TSA agents which run the security screening process. I don't know if this is a New York thing or an airline industry thing, but nearly everyone that I have ever interacted with at this airport has either been unenthusiastic, grumpy, rude, unprofessional, slow-moving, or a combination of any of those things. Basic manners (e.g. please, thank you), speaking clearly, making eye contact, smiling, and not yelling should be fundamental expectations which should be met in 2016. If they are not receiving a salary that motivates staff to do these things, then a serious conversation needs to happen about paying staff more money. 

When my flight is delayed because of catering -- that's unacceptable. When TSA is yelling across the room and being COMPLETE jerks and totally unprofessional -- that's unacceptable. When I'm in line nearly 30 minutes for a cab in the middle of the day -- that's unacceptable. 

Third thing I cannot stand about this airport is the weather in the area. Landing at LGA sucks -- slam the runway every time, wind blows you around like a sock-puppet. The airport is so small that there is always runway congestion and gate holds. 

Just, overall, unpleasant travels through this airport. Cannot wait until they start building the new one.
Negative - 5 ZERO stars worst airport ever travel in or out of.  When ever I come to NY in the future it will only be with Islip Airport on LI . Place is disgusting be sure to wear socks at check floors gross. I only visit NY because of family but am pushing back my next trip for at least 5 years from now. No food here ! One can of beer $9.25? Hot no air I expect to get sick or catch something from this place.
Shit show, I feel I needed a shower after going through here. No TSA preapproval so plan accordingly.
Worst airport ever. And I have been all over the world and USA. Even worse than CDG in Paris. It stinks, its hot and smelly, its always leaky with buckets on the floor, long waits at baggage claim, usually dirty, even dirtier restrooms, it has poorly designed ques when boarding so nobody knows where they are supposed to be, United club outside security instead of near the gates, rude TSA people who have completely lost their passion etc.etc.etc. I hate this airport.
To everyone not from n.y.c. let me start by saying I'm sorry. I'm sorry and embarrassed that this airport is in my city. It's such a bad repesentation of New York and what we're about. If I was from out of town and landed in this airport I would want to get back on the plane and turn around. The only time I fly out of La Guardia is when I find a flight that is way cheaper than j.k.f.. personally I'd rather pay a little more not to have to come to this dump. Let me tell you a bit about the fabulous terminal that houses jet blue.

Security line : soooooo long. Even at 6 a.m. make sure to give yourself a lot of extra time so you don't miss your flight. 

Food : good luck finding something to eat (especially at breakfast). There are hardly any choices which stinks if your flight is delayed. 

Weather : you better hope it's not raining. Instead of the roof of the building catching the rain it is caught in buckets scattered throughout the terminal. 

Thing to do : if you find yourself delayed at La Guardia make sure you have your binoculars handy. Why you ask? Bird watching! That right, bird watching. It would seem most of our city's fine feathered friends have made there home inside of the terminal. Just watch out you may get capped on!

To sum it up La Guardia is an airport right out of a third world country and I've been to third world countries. This may be worst. If you can fly out of j.f.k. makes for a much more pleasant experience.
This place should be demolished and a new airport built.   It's a testimony to the inaction of our elected officials unable to legislate to fix this disaster. 

Terminal B has no tote boards so no way to find gates of your departure.   Air conditioning not able to meet demands.   Stairs, instead of escalators.  Good luck with schlepping your bags.  

Low ceilings amplify the claustrophobic feeling this place generates.  Not enough seating.  Not enough outlets to charge devices.   

Cramped, hot, and decrepit.   A perfect place to avoid.  

Stay away, fly into ANY other airport.
Terminal C may be one of the worst airline terminals in the US.  No excuse for no restaurants and no bars.  The packaged food is some of the most in inedible  I have ever experienced in the US.  All of this of course makes the passengers irritable and it goes downhill from there.

The ceiling and AC ductwork looks like it is falling in.  There is an inch of caked up dust where the ceiling is missing.  Tarps hang in the aisles to keep trash or air off of passengers.
With the exception of the new Delta terminal, this is probably the worst airport in the United States.  Delays, cancellations, terrible facilities, rude staff.  The only reason I fly here is to avoid the slog to JFK.
Can we just not with this airport. Most depressing place I have ever been. 2--TWO--working ladies' toilets in our entire terminal. The "charging station" did not work (which 
a) sucked and 
b) was funny to watch as rounds of people came and tried to plug their shit in and had to realize it didn't work) but I don't enjoy watching other people suffer enough for b) to make up for a). There was no TSA pre-check line. Some people in my security line were taking off their shoes and jackets and some were not, seemingly with neither rhyme nor reason. So, so crowded. So sad. So drab.
This review is for the parking situation.  Two of the main parking lots are under construction right now, so... welcome to hell.  LGA wants you to park in P10 when the remaining lots fill up (which is pretty much always).  P10 is very far from the terminals, so you have to take a shuttle. Good luck with that. When you get back and need to be picked up, be sure to get the shuttle at the departure lanes upstairs, not the arrival lanes downstairs.  I wasted an hour after the P10 people on the phone kept telling me to go to the arrival lanes even though I saw all of the buses upstairs. I finally just asked a worker taking a cigarette break and he told me the correct place to go. Next, you'll wait a solid 45 minutes for your car because, for some reason, they don't start retrieving your car when you call in the ticket number. They wait for a bus load of you to arrive at the lot at the same time and then their attendants have to run around like crazy. P10 is a disaster.
The worst airport. Confusing terminals. Dirty. Very run down. We got off our plane at midnight and the few food options were CLOSED! The wheel chair assistance guy who pushed my elderly father told us we were at terminal C. A different worker told me terminal B. The few (and far between!) employees you find to ask for help don't even know their own directions. Avoid this airport!!
Worst airport I've ever been to. Check-in was confusing and the lady checking us in never asked for ID. Not a huge deal; the TSA employee did a thorough job at checking my ID while yelling at a lady across the hall. You have to take your bags to a separate room to be sorted. They don't take your bags at check in. The TSA employees at security made it very clear that you need to take your laptops out of bags, but that's about it. Apparently children go through a different area but we weren't told that till we were about to go through the other area. It's dirty. There is food and trash all over the floor. There is seating for less than half our flight at the gate. If you have a choice, go to JFK. Otherwise, sorry. You have to deal with this.
Horrible airport all around. Constant delays, few amenities, parking and traffic are brutal.
Absolutely the worst airport that I have ever been to. I only gave it one star because I had to.
Not quite what I expected from NYC. Carpet was dirty and several construction messes. I had to stand as there were not any seats available. The signage is old and the gates are so close to one another that the boarding announcements interfere. Overall, this dump should be torn down and rebuilt. While they're at it they should look at Indianapolis. Their airport is amazing and laguardia could learn from it.
If I could give this airport 0 stars that'll be perfect due to the fact that JetBlue customer service is horrible. My flight has been delayed for 2 hours already and there was only one announcement, "please be patient" are you kidding me?!!!? I love will NEVER fly out of here again.
Oh LGA, why are you such a disaster. 
If your from the NY/NJ area, I know many of you can agree this is the worst airport to fly in and out of. 
First thing is first, the traffic is insane to get there. They say be at the airport 2 hours before your flight but you have to leave your house 3 1/2-4 hours because of the traffic. 
Depending on the time and where your going- TSA isn't too bad, however, there is hardly any room or time to move along and gather yourself together again. 
The food and coffee inside is absolutely horrible, and I must say, I have seen cleaner bathrooms at other airports. 
The whole place is pretty much just filthy. 
Traveling home, thank goodness I did carry-on because this trip because waiting to gather my luggage is usually a hassle. 
Waiting for a ride to pick you up? Well heck, so are the 100s of other people waiting outside, so have fun finding your car in this area. It is literally a train wreck. Completely and utterly unorganized. 
Bottom line- if it is possible to stay clear of this airport- do so.
Worst airport... Extra bad if you're riding American Airlines. I've been to all the major airports in the U.S. but this airport is by far the worst airport I've been to. It's dirty, the food options are extra horrible, and they might as well not have restrooms because they are dirty and broken. The intercom system doesn't work in some parts of the airport so a lot of people missed their flights all-together. In the future, I will do my very best to avoid this airport and I'd recommend the same to everyone else.
When will they tear this place down??  Always delays due to some crap they make up, no where to sit when your flight is delayed 2-4 hours, rudest tsa on the planet, also the slowest and dumbest
Just landed at this piece of crap airport and we can't pull up to our gate because its occupied. We are already over 2 hours delayed due to the incompetence at this lovely airport and now this. 
Dear yelp, could you please make an option for zero stars??
Terrible transportation.  Often have to wait 1.5 hr just for a taxi.  No train options.  Use JFK or Newark, much more reliable.
WORST. AIRPORT. EVER.

#1 Reason why I hate this place is because of the TSA agents. They go out of their way to make you miserable. If I worked at this airport I would probably do the same thing. I guess if I'm gonna be miserable working here might as well make the passengers suffer as well too right? 

Add to that the small size which leads to overcrowding and some people shower like once a week doesn't help either.

You already have the hated usual standards like overpriced food, crappy bathrooms, and poorly designed baggage claim area. I have been to a lot of airports that I thought were pretty crappy but LaGuardia makes those guys look like private, lavish companies. 

Yelp 2016 Review #42
615 overall
This airport has only one runway, so if one flight is delayed, they all are. If you have a connecting flight, you'll probably miss it like me and hundreds of other people. In addition, there's not enough seating, so you'll probably have to stand, sit separate from you family, or sit far away from your  gate. Oh, and if you hate loud noises, you'll have to endure the alarm going off several times while you wait for your flight. I don't feel very safe with loud alarms and flashing lights going off over and over again and no one updating me if everything is okay. Fly out of a different airport if you can.
Seriously as if delta weren't bad enough ... Here's my story

Flew out of ft Myers to LGA for a 4 hour meeting in mid town ... Allowed 2 hours to get from airport to office ... Meeting started at 12

Took a direct delta flight (my first of many mistakes).  As we get ready to land ... We heard "weather" was an issue ... Though there wasn't a cloud in the sky ... Wait for it ...

So we did not have enough gas to circle ... So we had to go to Baltimore to refuel (we're on an Airbus mind you).  One hour later we leave ... And then have a Tarmac hold to get back into line to ... Circle.  Finally flight lands at 1 (2 hours late ... And now on to the meeting).

Was scheduled to take the 8 flight home ... You guessed it ... At 7:30 ... Flight got CANCELLED.  Got a hotel room (fortunately brought a change in clothes just in case) ... Scheduled to leave delta flight at 8 am.

So ... Up at 5 ... Cab at 6 ... On the way to the airport ... Flight is CANCELLED.  Now at the wrong terminal.  I just went ahead and booked a flight on Jet Blue (leaves at 9:30).  So walked thru a construction site about 1/2 mile ... Now in the right terminal.  Jet blue rep by the way rocked.  Go to security B.

Walked to B and the line checker (Maria - not the sharpest knife in the door insists my security line is over on A).  Call me crazy but I find it hard to imagine B3 is in the A terminal.  The folks at A security though agreed.  Waited 20 minutes thru security ... Wait for it ... Surprisingly there's no B3.  

Back to B security ... There's Maria again ...I walk to the front of the line (there was no line before ... And explain ... No apologies just firm guidance "go to the back of the line"!  Seriously now no less than 100 people in line ... 30 minutes later ... Thru security and my 2nd full body scan of the day.  Sitting at b3 ... With several other travelers who also apparently had the misfortune to meet Maria.  Wish someone could find out who checks tickets pre security at LGA ... This woman is at best poorly trained!

1 1/2 hour until my flight leaves ... Wish me luck.
This place is awful. It is run down, congested, you sit on the airplane for like 30 minutes every time you land bc the gates are never ready. Long lines... Etc... Everything that gives people anxiety about airports laguardia exemplifies in wvery possible way
Worst airport I have been to. It is a dump and the C terminal has no restaurants. I love the city, but both airports here are old and dirty. It's a shame.
I gave this airport 3 chances and they continue to fail me. The place looks like it got lost somewhere in the 50s and never came out of it. Hopefully one day it can catch-up to the 70s. I have had really really late departures over  3 times now and today I missed my connecting flight after waiting 2hrs 52mins on the tarmac with no explanation. I feel sorry not only for the passangers but also for the crew for being treated this way. Also, dropping off your luggage out back also looks a bit sketchy. Not a professionally run airport by any means. If you have a connecting flight absolutely stay away. Try JFK or Newark. Id rather pay the difference of even a $100 more. Hats off to the Airporter Shuttle though. Maybe they can give some useful advice to LaGuardia about being on time. NYC is an awesome place to visit though!!
I travel a lot and this airport feels like it should be in Detroit, not New York. It's so run down and the terminals are small. It's clearly shows its age. Really hoping my flight isn't delayed because a sandwich costs $15. A SANDWICH
Ladies and gentlemen, the worst airport in the united States! Overcrowding, terrible services, no train access. Flying domestic in the USA is awful, it's true, but this is the pits. At least JFK has the air train and Newark...well, NJTransit isn't that repellent. Usually. But don't fly in or out of here.
When I said LaGuardia was better than LAX? Wrong. WHAT A SHITSHOW. This airport always sucked, and I've been to 22 countries. The cab situation is stupid. When that is the only way to get out of the airport, the chaos I experienced is unacceptable. Rude, making people walk to some sketchy stalls (Am I buying a Christmas tree or getting a flipping cab?) and then there is no line, no rhyme or reason. I've never waited so long for a taxi in NY, not even in the rain or on NYE! Plus, the bathrooms were disgusting, and they were inadequate for the crowds. Again I had to wait a long time, which annoyed me since American Airlines doesn't have direct flights for economy mileage. So, I had to sit in Dog Dick, Arkansas for a couple hours between here and LA. The city that never sleeps fell asleep at the wheel. Never connecting through here.
I thought JFK was a mess, but LGA is not much better. It is an outdated airport. It is slow. It is crowded. Traffic is absolutely terrible. Unfortunately, Southwest Airlines only flies here and not JFK (though Newark is an option).

There are not enough restrooms or stalls, which makes things worse. I was on my plane for an hour before we got to our gate because apparently there was an issue that no one knew about. Like I said: it is a mess.
Maybe LaGuardia really is the worst airport in the United States. My flight leaving New York was on Southwest out of LaGuardia on a Saturday morning. The terminal was very convenient from Queens with easy bus connections and car service.

The terminal seems like something from the former Soviet bloc or some war torn country overseas, not something serving a major portion of the United States. The check in process was weird with the old baggage delivery room and a long security line. Having TSA Pre Check only allowed me to wear my shoes through the metal detector instead of bypassing any lines.

The gate area was crowded and dirty with few concessions. The bathrooms were old and cramped. Once I finally boarded the flight, we had to wait a long time on the runway before finally leaving the mess. This place needs to be demolished and replaced with something better fitting one of the world's greatest cities.

Unfortunately, you are probably stuck with LaGuardia depending on your airline preference. If you can avoid it, please do. If not, just make sure to bring food and pray for an early departure.
Screw this damned airport.  Pay whatever you need to I order to avoid this colossal piece of #@$ of an airport.  The traffic going both in and out is absolutely unbelievable -- absolutely the worst or the worst of the worst airports in the world.  Avoid at all costs!!!  You have been warned!!!  Negative 10 stars!!!!!
The new set up for a getting a taxi from terminal C is a complete cluster. Enough said.
What a mess. What a dump. The reconstruction is happening 30 years too late. And this latest attempt to bring the place into the 70's will take years. A true 3rd world experience.
Avoid LaGuardia Airport at all costs. They decided to tear up the long term parking lot near terminal B. Now you have to park real far away at P10 lot and they make you take valet parking. Bunch of "valets" just sitting. $39 a day. A total ripoff. Traffic was a mess. I'll be shocked if my car is still there when I get back.
Why is arguably the greatest city in the world is this third world facility that greets visitors from around the world. It's horrible. If blindfolded and then revealed,l I would think I was not in America. It's dirty, shabby, unkempt.

The construction around the airport is horrible. The food selections - abysmal. New York, you can do better than this. The tired, poor and huddled masses arriving on our shore thru this airport have a poor first impression.
It's been over 5 years since I've reviewed LAG and I cannot leave it at AOK. Nope, can't do it. A disgrace of an airport, what with its desperately dark & dodgy tiny crowded spaces, lack of food & drink options as well as completely chaotic baggage & pickup areas. Blech times three.

Much of what I wrote in my previous review holds true, but I thought I'd share what happened to my fellow passengers the other night as we deplaned and walked into the gate area. I was on an Air Canada flight coming in from Toronto and in a pretty good mood, happy to be back in my hometown and see my family. The plane had been delayed and I was in a rush because I knew my cousin would be circling in his car (adding on at least a half hour of navigating back to the pickup area). But yeah, good mood otherwise.

So, that narrow hallway that's between the plane and gate area-- there are wheelchairs waiting. People tend to block both sides trying to get around those taking their time. I get it, not ideal for a bunch of security guys who are walking a big German Shepard from the Canine Unit to sniff out those who are surely smuggling in all that weed from Toronto. That's a little unsettling for sure, but then a security guard screams out: "STEP TO THE RIGHT, EVERYONE!" (barely a pause) "YEAH, THAT'S THE **AMERICAN** RIGHT." 

WTF? Yeah, it seems like it *could* be funny, but no. Not funny at all. By the way, this guy wasn't smiling. He was positively barking at us while the dog did its job. 

Was there really any need for this bullshit? I'm thinking no. What a welcome to our friendly neighbors to the north.

Being that I no longer have that apartment in Williamsburg, I'm going to do what I can to avoid this shithole. I may even consider taking public transportation from Newark, which will add on at least an hour travel time to avoid it if I can't fly into JFK.

OH and if you have TSA Precheck, still allow that extra time for security because at least one terminal at LAG Does. Not. Have. It.
WORST airport in the world!!! Never had a positive experience at this place. It flat out sucks.
I fly a lot.  This is hands down the worst airport experience you will have.  Where to start...?

First, everything and I mean everything surrounding the airport is torn up. It looks like a third world country in the middle of Civil War.

Inside the airport is horribly dated and abused physically. They have limited services available in the American Airline terminal. Frankly they open late in the morning for airport that goes 24/7.

There is plenty of staff hanging out chit-chatting with each other. If you walk up to them and ask a question they look at you like you somehow offended them.

By the way if you have a rental car that you are returning plan to return early. Finding rental returns are difficult. Some have been relocated and the wayfinding signs are non-existent.
LaGuardia is the poster child of our failing infrastructure, this aging airport has been neglected for decades and no matter the efforts this transportation hub will never meet the needs of the traveling public and is an embarrassment to our country. My recent arrival  here hopefully will be my last, this place is so frustrating I actually changed my departure to fly home through a different airport. The confusing signage and antiquated design of this airport deserves nothing less that a bulldozer and wrecking ball to wipe the property clean. 

Originally constructed in 1929 LaGuardia has went through multiple renovations and upgrades and the present condition shows how unsuccessful the attempts to save this decrepit giant have been. The only solution in my opinion is to abandon any foolish renovation plans and take the hundreds of millions of dollars earmarked by the delusional politicians and start over in another location. Many believe this would require an act of congress, but I believe it's much simpler - the gradual departure of a few of the major carriers would quickly render this airport economically un-viable and it would forced its closure forever. This would be accomplished over time with the reduction in services it would force the traveling public to make other choices this would trigger a major loss in revenue and dramatically increase ticket prices, eventually the problems this would create would provide the end results that are inevitable. If you consider the number of accidents that have occurred here over the years even after taking into consideration the volume of traffic the risk flying in and out of here is far greater than I'm willing to take going forward. 

For those of you that rarely travel by air may think this review of LaGuardia is an embellishment of the facts, but you only need to exit the congested and over taxed highway system surrounding this armpit to experience this place, a simple drive by the terminals will change your fantasy into the nightmarish experience we that travel through here experience on a regular basis. Our current Vice President compared LaGuardia to a "third world country" it's a pathetic portrait we display to the world.
Worst airport ever. Oh... and construction and traffic exponentially exacerbates that fact. Never thought LGA could get even worse.
I'm writing this review on the fly... Literally. This is a really busy airport with horrible amenities.  It's perpetually under construction, there are fake walls everywhere re-routing travelers. The decor is aged, essentially dirty white walls with no art, and the straw that broke my back was the woman's restroom. 
So ladies, picture this... Your tired, traveling you are toting several bags. I normally feel like I need three arms when I travel. I stop to go to the restroom and I notice a line. That's normal for women right? I expect when I get inside I will see a large restroom with at least 8 stalls. 
I patiently wait and the restroom has 4 stalls! There are thousands of people here, and  4 stalls. 
So I enter into one of them with my bags and notice that there are no hooks and no shelves! 
I refuse to put my purse on the ground, especially when I know there is urine and God knows what else there. I can see it. The smell was disgusting.
Let's make this worse... I have my period. So I have to pee, wipe, and change a tampon , all while holding my bag to keep it out of urine. There is nothing that anyone can say to make this experience ok, nothing. 
I will note that somehow I did manage to make it all work. Thank goodness I'm flexible and I've done a lot of squats. But seriously, I hate this airport.
Third world airport in a first class city. An absolute joke and disgrace and no one has ever done a thing to make it easier to find terminals, navigate within the airport or make it a friendly experience whatsoever.
As if the airport was not already bad enough, terminal c only has one working bathroom with 4 stalls.  So dirty and gross.  Yuck.  Disgusting airport.
Travelers rejoice! The Laguardia airport is here for none of your needs! Do you like a confusing layout, poor signage, and rude employees? Then look no further! Laguardia is your one stop shop for everything infuriating about airports. 

Every employee should wear a badge that says "how can I begrudgingly help you?" Don't bother being nice or giving a smile or saying please if you need information on your flight or gate- they're not going to fall for it. Their icy stares and sarcastic replies won't stop. 

Do you like delays?? Do you love employees lying about how long the delays are?? Then step right up and have your travel day ruined at awful Laguardia!

Want to get to gates D1-D10?? Well you're in luck! There's two different places to go and it's up to you to figure out which one you need!

Frequent gate changes?!? You got it!! No notifications about the gate changes?!?? Get it here!! Long waits for the shuttle only to realize that your gate was changed and now you have to go back and you're going to miss your flight!?! It's yours!!

LGA will leave you wondering if there's something in the air making everyone have the permanent expression of having just smelled a fart. 

Come to Laguardia, travelers, and turn that smile upside down!
LGA truly is the worst! I understand they have construction underway, but the way traffic is currently messed up is just beyond reason. Taxi stand for terminal b is literally in a ditch. No decent signage or help for people dragging their bags for what feels like a mile. Just shameful!
Had to take a shuttle to another terminal, but the shuttle doesn't come for a long time if you go really early in the morning (3-4AM). The guy who was acting as security for the shuttle line didn't know any information on the shuttle and was utterly useless.
Truly the most offensive, aggressive and unfriendly TSA employees I've ever encountered. I've flown a lot, but these are the worst.
Being in Terminal B (A gates) is like being in a time warp. No TVs, no free wifi, virtually no food options. Overcrowded, buckets in the middle of the terminal catching leaking water from ceiling. Go to JFK.
Chaos during tear down. massive queues for taxis. no structure for ubers. 4th world experience. utterly disgraceful.
Literally the most decrepit airport I've ever been to in a large city. Dingy feeling, which makes travelers feel that they don't need to pick up after themselves. Small waiting areas leads to people on floors, and general discomfort across passengers waiting is apparent. I will surely do my best to fly to JFK before ever darking in the terminal of LGA again.
The worst airport ever. Third world countries have better airports. Everything about LGA is bad -The small bathrooms, The poorly structured terminals. DIRTY

Just depressing
The airport is dirty and super slow. They have no lines for first class and there was only 1 line open thru security. Once we finally got in we realized there was no way of getting to any of the other gates to eat so we were stuck eating gross food from a convenience store type thing for our last NYC meal.
This airport is a complete dump. I could not believe how torn down and outdated a New York Airport could be. I flew in via Southwest from Midway airport in Chicago. LaGuardia makes Midway look like a world class gem.
I had a horrible experience with LGA last week--the usual 30-45minutes drive from lower Manhattan to LGA took almost 2hrs due to the road close at LGA that we almost missed our flight. The once my beloved LGA for its convenience is under construction of new terminal killing the traffic here. It took us over 1hr to drive the last few miles! I would at least avoid this airport for the next few years before things are shaken up. 

Wanting: plan at least 2-3hrs of travel time from
Manhattan especially for Thursday and Friday nights!

Side note: LGA didn't look like that it belongs to the metropolitan New York City... the only things I liked about it are convenience and the view of Manhattan skyline on the way to the airport (period). Looking towards to some good improvement at the new terminal!

Great tips from my friend Richard: take Q70L instead of taxis!
http://web.mta.info/nyct/service/NewQ70LimitedStopService_brochure.htm
What can I say about LGA. It is the armpit of airports. It literally looks like a third world country. Like Beirut!  No parking in terminal B arrivals. Had to circle a dozen times waiting for my pickup. Tried parking with the Uber drivers on the shoulder of the ramp only to be harassed by police. 
My intentions were to arrive at the airport early park my car go inside terminal have a drink and wait for my lovely wife to arrive in her flight!  Them maybe have a little dinner with her and have a nice night out with her!!!  YA RIGHT!  Never happen instead I circled the terminal a dozen times in non stop traffic!  Stressed out to the max!  Really. Come on what is wrong with people LGA is a major international airport in New York!  THIS US THE IMPRESSION WE WANT TO MAJE ON OEOPLE FROM OTHER COUNTRIES!   Just horrible!
Absolutely the nastinest, unpleasant airport I have ever been to. I'm not interested in listing all the reasons but if possible keep away.
horrible!
I said it before I say again this is the worst airport ever.
cops are useless. security is clueless.
today I was stuck in traffic inside the b terminal. parking lot for b is closet but not clearly not mark.

do not fly from here
LaGuardia, although I've limited exposure with you.  So far I don't like you.  Yes, maybe I'm spoiled by O'Hare... but you just don't give me too much to appreciate.  I don't appreciate the numerous times I have to change flights thanks to delays.  I don't appreciate how you tend to cancel flights on my friends... and my friends' friends.  I don't like how you have virtually no food selection.  And I definitely don't like how you aren't 24/7... being stuck in your crummy waiting areas praying for a seat on the final flight out sucks.

On the other hand, the United agents at your counters tend to be very courteous and helpful so you do get one star back... but don't expect any more from me!
Avoid whenever possible, until they improve all of the known weaknesses cited below and elsewhere. I am a frequent traveller in the NYC area.
We were waiting in line to pass through security for about 30 minutes. Our flight was leaving soon so a group of people from the same flight started complaining to an airline worker. He just told us to wait. Finally, we were allowed to bypass everyone who had later flights than us (they were PISSED). 
Even though LGA is for domestic flights only, I'll be getting there 2 hours in advance during peak hours.
I have a great idea! Let's build an airport in the middle of an overdeveloped area where it's bounded by a 10-lane freeway on one side, and a river on the other! Then, let's build four different terminals in four separate buildings and leave them entirely disconnected from each other, except by an unreliable city bus! Then, let's completely overload it with gates so we have to pad the length of every flight to include the time it will inevitably wait to take off! Then, let's have the nerve to call this airport "convenient," because it's slightly closer to the city center than the region's other two airports!

36% of all flights at LaGuardia were delayed last year. So, there's better than a one-in-three chance that any flight there will be delayed. I've been on the wrong side of those odds every single time. This is not an exaggeration: I have flown in and out of LaGuardia ten times since 2003, and I have never had a flight leave from LaGuardia or arrive at LaGuardia on time. I've never had a flight delayed for more than an hour at JFK over the same period of time.
Depressing airport with pretty lousy food options. Laying over here after flying out of Tampa and into O'Hare made LaGuardia look pretty beat by comparison. Finding halfway decent food required leaving the terminal to try to pick among the options in their food courts, and, of course, having to go through security again to get back to our gate. The place definitely shows its age. Runway traffic is awful; there aren't enough runways to accommodate separate takeoffs and landings, so takeoffs wait for other takeoffs and for landings before proceeding. It took an hour and 15 minutes to get up in the air after we backed away from the gate...ugh.

New York: I'm not usually a complainer, but LGA needs some TLC.
Why does NY not have a damn decent airport?  Boasting that it's the apple of America's eye, it sure has a damn wormhole to get into it.
OK I'm a Chicagoan so local bias here.

How can New York have such a lousy airport? Both Chicago O'Hare and Midway are head and shoulders above LaGuardia in terms of spaciousness, convenience and appearance.

The worst thing about LaGuardia is how walking through it you feel that you are walking through a cheap cardboard box. Waiting areas are claustrophobically small, and are really just passageways lined with cheap ugly seats.

Of course there is no free WiFi. 

The bathrooms are so tiny and cramped. Horrible!

And why are the snack vendors so few and lame? Why can't there be a bar? At least if there was a bar we could drink ourselves into a happy stupor and be able to pretend we are in a good airport.

New York you can do better. Chicago has.
I had been spoiled (if you can call it that) for so long having only flown out of JFK pretty much exclusively for the past year, and thus I forgot what an awful airport this is.  There are constant delays for seemingly no reason.  The skies are blue, there's not a snowstorm, wind-storm, any storm anywhere along the entire eastern seaboard, and yet still, I've never once left on time from this dreadful airport, no matter where I'm going or what airline I'm flying on.

One extra star for being markedly closer than JFK and therefore not causing me to go bankrupt if I need to take cab.  And for having a Wendy's in the concourse (man, I love Wendy's).  But other than that, this airport needs an overhaul.  Badly.
I flew in and out of LGA this week. I like it relative to JFK because it's a bit closer and it doesn't cost me an arm and a leg for a cab ride. BUT, like what some of their other reviewers have said, their food selection suck. I mean, I need something more substantial than Auntie Anne's for a meal. Whenever I come to LGA, I have happy flashbacks at the food selections at the JetBlue or American terminal at JFK. Seriously, once you get passed the security gate, food selections are terrible. So this week, I thought I'd be prepared and grab some food at Famiglia BEFORE I got through the security gate. Hello, why was my small dinky salad $8??? That's highway robbery. I expect airport food to be expensive but seriously, considering the size it was highway robbery. The entire airport feels like it's old and tired. I felt like I was at a regional airport! Also, I am not sure which airport has worst delays but still LGA for a smaller airport has just as much issues.  

The saddest part is, I don't think they are making any efforts to improve this airport.
I live in SF, and my ex lived in Santa Cruz, so before I had a car, I spent many, many hours in Greyhound stations and buses going between the two.  Once I got a car, I swore to never again subject myself to the horrors of the Greyhound Station.

Well, I made not have technically violated that rule when I flew out of Laguardia, but I certainly violated the spirit.  What a dump.  My flight was delayed for fog (which I won't hold against the airport) so I spent three of the most boring hours of my life sitting in Laguardia, without the slightest bit of potential for something to do.  It was like the Lewis Black bit, "One day, you wake up, and it's the grayest day of your life, and the next morning, IT'S EVEN GRAYER!"

An extra star though, for the awesome view of Shea Stadium (and Citi Field) I got out the window just after takeoff.
OK.  I will concede to you yanks that you have a superior subway system.  However, if LaGuardia is any indication, you guys have to get to work if you want a gold star for air travel.  Maybe JFK is nicer...I don't really know. 

All I can say is that this aeropuerto was a bit run down.  A weathered look can add character, but I'd rather have confidence 8 miles high.  You know what they say about first impressions...

And geez, put a damned bar after security.  I can always use a nice buzz when flying.
Oh, LaGuardia.  The first time I graced your presence, I was certain my plane was going to land in the water.  Then your runway appeared out of nowhere as we hit the ground.  Scary the first time, cool every time after that.  For that you get one star.

YOU HAVE NO POWER OUTLETS.  I got to the airport WAY too early, and could not use my laptop to kill time because I had to save my battery juice for the flight home.  Seriously - get more power outlets!  When my plane had to turn around and come back due to a fuel tank malfunction, I unplugged something in a random outlet so I could charge my laptop for attempt #2 at getting back home.

Very limited food options.  Very.

No, I don't need a ride from one of the bajillion people approaching me at baggage claim.  I was a smart cookie and reserved my towncar ahead of time, thank you very much.  Clearly those overhead announcements about this practice don't work because you're not enforcing it.

Thumbs down to LGA.
Good lord - this airport needs a total overhaul...if I had endless money to spend on airline tickets I would avoid this place like the plague and fly into White Plains exclusively.

Food options - thank goodness that have an Auntie Annies otherwise I would be forced to drink my pre-flight calories at the only bar near the United terminal (it may even be the only bar, and watch out - it is BEFORE the security check, so if you need a bloody mary to get through your hours of annoyed people in tight quarters once you are on the plane, make sure you plan accordingly)

On to the real reason I loath La Guardia - my flight boarded on time - YET, we sit for 1.5 hours waiting to take off because runways are over trafficked, and I end up arriving home, you guessed it, over one hour late...and this happens virtually every time I fly.

La Guardia is a necessary evil - so despite my complaining I will continue to fly into this airport on a regular basis (unless I win the lottery and can afford the extra $200 per ticket to fly elsewhere)
This airport is a pile. I only give it two stars because at least I can drink beer and go in and out of this cockroach farm to smoke cigarettes when I'm waiting on my flight.

Landing here for the first time was a little nerve wracking as I was looking at the water 10 feet below the plane and still wandering when I was going to see a runway.

An associate of mine told me he had seen more then once, the landing gear of aircraft clip a fence upon takeoff.

When I quit smoking I'm going back and editing this review from 2 stars to 1. If I can remember.
Yes it sucks. This airport is one of the ugliest in the country, has delays every time I use it and is so out of the way compared to JFK and even Newark.

LGA is the airport that New Yorkers do not choose to use, they are either forced because their flight is cheaper there or they can only get their flight through LGA.

This airport has the 4 deadly D's: Dirty, depressing, dank and dim.
ugh.


just... ugh.


the only reason i give it two stars instead of one is for the conveniently located duncan donuts at the mouth-pun intended-of the american airlines terminal. 

that is all. otherwise, i always make sure to have some sedatives on hand when i know i'm coming here. 

oh, and could you please take a little longer to return my bags to me? waiting almost an hour is a little too convenient for me, thanks.

OY.
I love to fly, and I fly often. And I have often chosen to fly from/to JFK and pay more money because LGA sucks! I think it's one of the nastiest airports I've ever been to. One of the many LGA gross stories - I was having a beer at one of the bars, and right there acting totally domesticated was a mouse. I'm not scared of mice and seriously, this is New York, I doubt there are many restaurants that don't have some sort of rodent or bug thing every now and again. But this little bugger was just chillaxing, enjoying the pizza crumbs on the floor, and the server was totally not phased by it. At least pretend it's the first time it's happened. 

Even the little 2 gate airport in the middle of nowhere Walla-walla Washington I've flown from once was nicer than LGA. 

Plus, seriously, WHY is there no tram/subway or something system to take you to LGA?? I cannot stand being on that packed bus that never comes when it's supposed to and takes half an eternity to get to LGA. Seriously, if the transit authority builds some sort of non-bus connection to LGA, I'll consider flying from there more often. I'm giving it two stars only because taking a cab from LGA to my apartment is cheaper than JFK.
Food service here absolutely blows 3-day old, moldy chunks.  $9.00 for tuna salad in a soggy pita resembling in taste and smell to rotting catfood.  Even the Aunt Anne's pretzels are at least 16 hours old.  Two hard boiled eggs were $4.00.  Plan ahead, friends, bring an apple, pb&j on wheat, Chips Ahoy.  Don't spend a fortune on slop while you're waiting on your much delayed flight.
Out of the three I have to choose from when visiting the city, LGA is my choice. I've had some good luck, however, I've had a lot of bad luck too with this airport. I have learned not to fly US Airways in/out of this airport; I tend to have more problems with them.

It can get extremely busy, but so can any airport. Amanda D's advice is perfect. The earlier you fly out, the better chance you have that you'll leave on time. I arrived early one morning (due to a cancellation the night before) for a shuttle to DC. I got there early enough to catch the shuttle that was leaving an hour before the one I was originally booked on.
Wow, talk about a half an hour delay. 

I understand that there's been issues with less flights being around. My flight's standby list was huge. By comparison to San Jose International, LaGuardia has waaaaay more people coming in and out which means everything's jam packed. This place just doesn't seem organized at all.
I want to review LaGarbage... I mean, um, LaGuardia Airport.

I live in east williamsburg.   the best way for me to get there is taking the J to the 4/5 express to 125th st. to transfer to the m60.  Therefore for ME it's a little too much (about an 1-1.5 hours) but for the most part its accessibility in general is poor because there is no direct rail service.  LGA has been around for a long time now, and you'd think they'd create an easier way to get to and from the airport.  It is still as very much an important gateway to NY as JFK and Newark, even if it is he smallest of the 3.  It's not like it's going to be replaced any time soon.

Inside, there are some good food choices with decent prices.  This goes for both the Delta terminal and the Central Terminal.  But even still, the layout can be confusing.  

JFK has tons of land that's planned poorly... LGA has very little land that... oh what a surprise... is planned poorly as well.

The airport is old.  There hasn't been a new building in years.  It seems to have maxed out on all available space.

Has there ever been an on-time flight?  At least I haven't been on one.
So I'll assume Flushing, NY stands for Toilet, NY. 

Seriously I was stuck here for about 6 hours after a business trip (because US Airways obviously has their shit together) and I felt like I was in a death camp. Thank god for the Big Apple Bar (five stars - http://www.yelp.com/biz/big-apple-bar-flushing). 

Someone needs to pull the plug on LGA. The space is cramped, dated, and completely lifeless. Shopping and eating is pretty lame here so make like one of those stranded flight attendants I saw and sleep under a bench. Sup sexy? Back when I last flew in here I was still a smoker, AND THANK GOD FOR THAT. Each time I stepped outside for a cancer stick I felt like Andy Dufresne in The Shawshank Redemption after having climbed to freedom through a sewer drain. 

Someone needs to have an intervention with LGA and if it doesn't go to rehab then kick its butt to the curb. Build a new airport. Renovate this one. Do SOMETHING. When Logan Airport looks like the Four Seasons then you have a problem. Until then I'll gladly take the Acela into Manhattan.

P.S. - CitySearch gave LGA 5 stars. Um, didn't realize those reviewers were flying here on free ecstasy day...
ok despite it being such a crappy airport i still prefer to fly out of it only because its so convenient for new yorkers to fly out of here... and its the cheapest cab ride.

this airport in quality is just terrible. i feel like its completely run down and delays galore! This is the WORST airport to be at for any major delays or cancellations. I was stranded here for over 8 hours once and it was one of the most miserable experiences. The selection of food is terrible... an dthe seating areas are limited. The staff are EXTREMELY unfriendly especially TSA. They took away a few solid items i had claiming that i could melt it into liquid form.

WTF? you cant melt anything to liquid form! i can melt my luggage which is made of plastic into liquid form. I was incredibly pissed off they made me toss it away!! WTF?? IT WS SOLID... i was so damn pissed off... i didnt even get to use it for anything. it was brand new!

laguardia... im incredibly surprised a city like NYC would have such a bad and poor shaped airport
I love flying, but I hate NYC airports!  Why LGA over JFK?  I'm on the UES so the taxi ride is 20 minutes and $20 - that's it... that's the ONLY reason. 

Why do I despise this airport? Top five reasons:

First: Flight delays
Second: Getting through security is impossible - what's up with the lines?  Expert Traveler, Casual Traveler, Family Travelers?  Just put everyone in one line and let's get on with it!  Seriously!  I'm the gal that still checks a bag - so why should I stand behind every person and their impossible carry on bags to get through security.  They should have lines for (0 - 1 carry on; 2 - 3 carry ons; 4 carry ons and a baby)
Third: Can't anyone sell anything healthy to eat that doesn't consist of trail mix in a bag?  
Fourth: There's no place to plug in!  Get some power outlets for those delayed for hours!
Fifth: The bathrooms are disgusting!

Bring an apple and leave plenty of time to get through TSA!  Otherwise you might go bonkers!

S~
Just sit right back and you'll hear a tale,
A tale that sounds so daft
That started from this Gotham port
before we board the craft.

The TSA were just as surly,
We made it to the gate.
Eight passengers sat down that day
For a three hour wait, a three hour wait.

The weather started getting rough,
I've got to call my boss
If not for the iphone's horrible signal
Connection would be lost, connection would be lost.

The craft sat grounded on the tarmac while we waited back inside
With Gilligan
The Skipper too,
The Millionaire and his wife,
The movie star
The professor and Mary Ann,
Here at LaGuardia!

So this is the tale of the refugees,
They're here for a long, long time,
They'll have to make the best of things,
It's an uphill climb.

Myself and the rest of the crew,
Will do their very best,
To make the others comfortable,
In this big hot mess.

No phone, no smokes, no wireless,
Not a single luxury,
Like 1939,
As primitive as can be.

So join us here each year my friends,
Make sure to say hola
From seven stranded refugees,
Here at LaGuardia!

(with apologies to the late Sherwood Schwartz estate, et al)
Traffic sucks, security lines are long, waiting rooms are crowded. I hate it, but I expect it. This is a major airport in the world's largest city. Accept it, build extra time into your schedule for check in/security, and prepare to wait out delays. You'll get over it, and life will go on.
OK Seriously. 
Every time i utilize this airport, there's a delay. Flying In, Flying Out; never on time, dismal food options, nasty travelers. 
I don't like you, LGA
If you are going to NYC, LaGuardia is your best bet of the three local airports.  You'll get great views of Manhattan as your plane passes over and turns by Queens.  It's a bit of a sketchy landing on the windswept dock that doubles as LGA's main runway.  But, then I see the Donald's plane at the end of it and I shift into a New York state of mind.  

If you want food or drink, get them before going through security.  There are some decent options and a 5 guys coming soon.
I hurried through LaGuardia because I'd had a long day of delays and lack of sleep, and so I didn't take much time to look around the place. It was very easy to get from our gate to baggage claim. Once we got our bags, a woman who didn't speak that much English stopped us and insisted on taking our baggage claim receipts and removing the tags from our bags, which has never happened to me at the airports I've been to. It was odd and had a bit of miscommunication.

Once we got outside, we noticed a sign that said there was a $5 bus from the airport to either Grand Central, Port Authority, or Penn Station. Just get on and then you can get off at any of the three destinations. We decided to get on it and then take a cab to our hotel from wherever we got off at.

There was a fight straight out of the movie "Crash" between the Asian bus driver, who didn't speak much English, and the black guy running the bus stand. It was very New York. And the driver refused to help with our bags. But overall, I recommend it to save cab money and get into Manhattan from this jank airport.
This airport sucks. The employees are rude, clearly don't give even two sh*ts about the job they have, and make me feel uncomfortable. The terminals and security check-in areas are really seedy-looking, I don't know how else to describe it. Good thing we didn't come here for the food. Even if we were hungry, we probably wouldn't have found anything to eat anyway.
Definitely nowhere near the cleanest of airports I've been to... What am I saying?  It was the dirtiest airport I've flown in and out of.  I, thankfully, had no problem finding my way out when I arrived in NY.  Departing was another story.  The bus I took didn't specify which airlines were at which terminal.  I ended up two stops past the Delta terminals.  It took 20 minutes to find someone to tell me where I needed to go and another 30 waiting for the shuttle to take me there.  Dear who/whatever is up there, that was the longest hour of my life.  Not to mention, I had the most horrible experience at the Fox Sports SkyBox (http://www.yelp.com/biz/fox-sports-bar-new-york#hrid:y2DyzuVoVCTcSqJeBIbEXQ).  Perhaps next time JFK will be in order... I only flew into LGA because that was the most convenient for my friend.
I feel like this airport needs a serious make over. Like they made it back in the day, kept adding to it, never stopped to think about what they were doing. That and the security is crazy slow and flights are NEVER on time here. Suck.
Not really a fan of this airport.  First, I was flying out with a friend and we were flying out of two different concourses.  Well, concourse D has separate security than A, B, and C so that was a little annoying since we couldn't even wait together.  Second, concourse D sucks.  I had a flight delay and was stuck there and the only eateries they had were an Auntie Anne's and a little cafe type place that had hot dogs, fries, pizza, etc.  I'm sure the other concourses were better, but D was pretty awful.
This airport is super-jankety. You roll up to the airport in the M60, and you're like, "This is it? This is one of the major international airports serving one of the world's largest metropolises? This jankety hangar??" Wait until you get inside--the airport constantly looks like it's under construction, so you're never entirely sure that you're headed in the right direction ("Baggage claim is really down this narrow walkway in the basement with temporary walls on either side?"). The airport security seems to loathe you with every iota of their being, and don't even get me started on the flight delays--they're more notorious than Biggie.

Sadly, the only public transportation to and from the airport is via bus (unlike the subways taking you to JFK or the admittedly costly NJ Transit to Newark), so your Metrocard better not have expired during your trip. Bon voyage!
I don't think my review will differ much from the others. This place blows. Let me not mince words here. If you love delays, this place is for you. If you love toilets where all passengers appear to have explosive diarrhea, this place is for you. If  you enjoy people who can't shoot their pee into a urinal properly, this is your airport.  If you love meal choices consisting of Au Bon Pain or Fig newtons only, this place is for you. 

I can honestly say that I've never had an on-time experience into our out of Laguardia. 

I have refrained from giving this airport 1 star because I have never been in an air crash to or from this airport. If that changes for the worse, I will be back to take away the additional star. You can bet on that. 

You'd think that NYC with all the glitz and glamor would have an airport that wasn't such a cesspool.
Really? Have I just been time-warped back to the 1960s? I can't believe how outdated this airport is. From start to finish, my experience here was pretty horrendous. The layout of the terminals is just idiotic. There's no way to pass through the corridor if a plane is boarding because there's nowhere for people to line up other than in the corridor. The whole place feels dirty and like it's about 3 seconds away from falling apart. The food options in the terminals are dire. I've flown through a LOT of airports in my day, and this is definitely one of the worst. I guess the only thing going for it is that it's somewhat closer to Manhattan than JFK and it's smaller so things may run a bit more smoothly.
Oh LGA... I really don't have any good things to say about you... While I will fly to LGA because it's cheaper to fly into, but to be honest, I don't stop by the shop when I arrive, I just go straight to the baggage area and wait for my stuff, if I happen to check things in... otherwise, I go straight to the car rental bus...

Same story with on my departure... I will check in, go to the lounge if I have time, board the flight and pray it takes off on time and leave... 

I would love to see some kind of subway connected from this airport to the main subway system... rather then having to take the bus to the nearest subway station which is like 20 min bus ride... 

Compared to other New York airports, this place is the cheapest to fly into from Midwest... granted, it really depends on where in Midwest you are flying from... please spend some money and upgrade the terminals at least... make it more modern :)
This airport is HORRIBLE. I've been traveling through this airport for almost thirty years and it is nearly the same. Shitty. I guess now there are a few more options for food/drink besides Nathan's but the options still suck. It is tiny and gross. I hate getting there too early for a flight because there is hardly any room to sit. And forget trying to find an outlet. 

I'm typically in concourse D, which is not connected to the others and seems like it's the punished, black sheep of the family.

The only reason it gets two stars is because it's the closest airport to my family in the Bronx and a cheaper cab ride to the city than JFK.
2.5

Long lines with TSA, no food options in the Delta terminal, & long waits on the tarmac.
Even the pilots ALWAYS joke over the intercom on the plane that we have been delayed on the tarmac and number '32' for take off...'well, ladies and gentleman..this is LaGuardia and they're notorious for delays just sit back and hold tight and let our professional flight attendants know if we can make this more enjoyable for you.' Give me a bagel, a-hole, it is 6a and all the food vendors were closed!

It's always a bit messy coming here but it is convenient to my house. Door to the gate from my midtown apt is an hour..very nice. And that is using the Astoria stop then on the M60!
Airport is spread out and some airlines use more than one terminal...just can be confusing. Definitely do not want to be stuck here for more than 2 hours.
This place is straight-up D.

Why was I thinking this would be a decent airport?  I've heard JFK was hell, and the US Shuttle operates in and out of LGA, so I thought it would be ok.  

What a flippin' joke.  Once I arrived via Gate 7, I wasn't THATunimpressed with the interior, but when I migrated over to the closest bathroom, I held on (to my nose, and junk) for dear life.  Shiiiiit hoooole.  Worst bathroom airport I've ever seen... by far.

Options were limited for a snack/light lunch.  McD's?  Not paying $3 for a double cheese.  The pizza/random other stuff place?  Not paying $5 for half a slice.  Ended up at Dunkin for a large coffee and jelly doughnut.  Doughnut was definitely the worst I've had at a Dunkin.  Coffee wasn't too great, either (it's usually my fav), but the service was actually great.  It's actually the most friendly service I've had at any Dunkin (including GA and TN).  That's about the extent of my praise for them, tho.

I'm assuming the nicest part of the airport is around the US Shuttle gates?  Dunno what the Bloomberg center was all about, but the waiting areas and those desks over there had PLENTY of outlets for whatever you're pluggin' and playin'.  

And ohhhhhhh the taxiing for takeoff... wtf?!?  "Currently aboooout 16-17th in line for takeoff".  And it seems this isn't that bad?!?!   GOOD GRIEF, Charlie Brown!!!!!!!!  Literally sat there and watched my next connection windown dwindle away (made it, fortunately).  FORTUNATELY I'm Silver on US and had an upgrade to 2A on a 190 so I wasn't scrunched into an uncomfortable seat with a 300 pounder next to me.
I've never stood in line with more noisy, whiney, inefficient people in my life. It's an airport. You wait in line. Put on your big girl panties and DEAL! Shut up about it already. (And have your boarding pass and ID out please).
Oh, and make sure that you buy food before you go through security cause you'll be SOL once you're inside.
Let's start with the positives about LaGuardia. It's proximity to Manhattan is the best out of the three airports (cab/car rides into the city can be as short as 15 min). Finally (I could only come up with two positives) the flights are typically on-time, weather permitting, since it is a relatively small airport. Other than that LGA has been under significant construction for literally decades. If they can finish up the construction, which is unlikely to ever happen, LGA will be a top-notch US airport. Until then it gets two stars, and that's being generous.
Even at its best, LaGuardia still sucks.

Long security, taxi & bathroom lines.  Limited options for food and drinks after security.  No place to stand, sit, eat, or breathe near your gate.

Of all the strikes against LGA, you still gotta love that:

It's only 15 minutes to Manhattan (in moving traffic).
It's easy to take the M60 and Subway thru Queens to get there.
They sell black & white cookies in the food court at the central terminal.
You can smoke & drink BEFORE going thru security.
It's not Newark.

Essentially, don't ever have a layover, show up more than 2 hours early, or stick around after arriving.  It's just ok enough for the basics.

I'll still pick LGA before EWR or JFK just for flying into New York EVERY TIME, even if they are decades off from ever starting to update this place.
Oh I hate you LaGuardia so much!  You stood in the way of me actually finding that totally authentic hookah place that my friend was waiting for me at.

Somehow...I found some way to get intertangled in your not so direct directions on how the FCUK I'm supposed to get back onto whatever street, road, blvd, or way I should've been on.

And don't think I forgot about using you once for that business trip.  YOU almost had me miss my flight!  Why can't you be more like your brother JFK airport?!  You should think about that before you go to bed tonight....
being taxi-ed on a runway for two hours, awaiting a flight back to good ol' Chicago.... was painful. Get me outta here, and gimme some o dat

Hey baby don't you wanna go
Back to that same old place
Sweet Home Chicago~
