If (and this is a big if) you give all you have to p90x you will see amazing results.  You must stop eating junk food, fast food, and all that other garbage that just bogs your body down, and start treating yourself right.  I am not saying you can never have a potato chip again, but you at least shouldn't have any for 90 days.  Use this time to learn proper portions, get used to a exercise regimen, and realize how great you could feel if you just put the time into exercising and eating right.  On monday (today is 2/19/10) I will be starting phase two (aka my second 30 days).  I have already lost 20 pounds (that 20 pounds by a scale, and I know I have gained a decent bit of muscle so my fat loss is probably a bit higher).  I am 22 years old, 6 foot 1 in tall, and was 260lbs.  I was not able to do the fit test that beachbody suggested you be able to do before attempting this program.  But I just ignored that advice and did it anyway.  I knew I wouldn't be able to do exactly what they did or maybe just not as many, but as Tony Horton says all the time in these videos "Do your best and forget the rest".  I would recommend this amazing program to everyone I know (and everyone I don't if they give me the chance to).One last thing.  If you are one of those people (like I was) who says that they just don't have time to exercise, then stop kidding yourself.  You will never ever have time to exercise if you wait for free time to "show up".  You have to make time.  You have to decide that you aren't going to watch that hour of TV or you are going to wake up an hour earlier.  If your thinking "well that's easy for you to say.  Your only 22 and you have the time."  Not so.  I am a graduate student who teaches 4 classes, wakes up at 5:30am, is at school by 7:00 (have to battle traffic), and gets home anywhere between 6-9.  If I can find time to do all of that, study, and grade tests then anyone can find at least 1 hour to change their life.  I encourage you to give yourself 3 months.  Believe in yourself, and watch your body change right before your eyes. Tony Horton came off as the most obnoxious fitness trainer I've ever heard and at first it was hard to make it through the DVD's, and I struggled with my rating because of it. In the end though, I decided to give the product 5 stars because overall the product was tremendous! I thought if I gave it a three or four star rating it would discourage readers from buying the product based on aspects outside of the workout itself and that would've been a mistake. I say that with a caveat; you may need to turn the volume down and just follow the workout. P90X is one of the rare products advertised via infomercial that delivers what it promises. The product is handsomely packaged and not overly pretentious. Tony Horton leads all of the workouts along with people of varying body types, which is a courageous departure from the norm. However, be forewarned, this product is as advertised, "For those who want to get in BETTER shape!" Do not kid yourself, if you haven't been working out you SHOULD NOT attempt this workout! The modules are strategically placed in a killer chronological sequence and produces results whether you're eating right or not; trust me. Having been in the military for several years, I wouldn't be surprised to see this product introduced to the special operations components of the Armed Forces as a compliment or supplement to the new Crossfit craze (crossfit.com) that's being fielded by the military and professional athletic organizations. You can take the workout just about anywhere and you don't need much equipment. You do however need some chutzpah because the PRO90X workout is a killer workout for those wanting to get to the next level of fitness. I just recently started doing this program. I decided to write this review because I got really annoyed at the people who repeatedly claimed that "If you are NOT in GREAT shape, you shouldn't do these exercises". THESE comments are a bunch of bull and the simply arrogant. The videos constantly remind you to do the best you can and take breaks. You don't have to do EVERYTHING they do or do them the same number of times. I am sure with time you will improve and can keep up. I am overweight but I have the drive to do it. I finish almost all the vidoes and use the pause button (that the DVD itself also recommends) to catch my breath. You just have to DO THE BEST YOU CAN. THAT's the important thing. I'll come back and comment on whether the program truely accomplished my goals but I just had to say something about the "no you can't" crowd. Yes you can!!! Another review of this product is probably not necessary, but I wanted to add some tips for women who are considering this program. When I first read the reviews on Amazon, I saw a lot of advice for men, but I didn't quite find what I was looking for.I'm about to enter the third phase of the program and I'm really pleased so far. I was hoping to lose a lot of pounds with the program, but so far my weight has been maddeningly steady, but I've lost inches all over and dropped from a size 10 to a size 6, so I'm not disappointed. It's not touted as a weight-loss program, and if you just want to drop pounds fast, you might want to go with a more cardio-heavy plan.My tips/advice:- You'll need to be in moderately good shape to do this program, but you don't need to be an athlete- You will need to have 1-2 hours every day (the same time each day is best) to work out. If this is not possible, you may want to try another plan.- If you want results, you'll have to follow the included diet, but I found that it recommended more calories that I needed, so I adjusted accordingly.- If you are trying to lose weight, go with the Lean Plan and do 15+ reps with lighter weights. You will not bulk up, but you'll get strong, which feels great.- Invest in a good scale and weigh yourself at the same time each day to track your progress.- The "before" photos that the booklet suggests taking of yourself are great appetite suppressants and potential blackmail material. Be careful with them.- It's more fun to do the DVD routines with a partner, so  see if you can trick your spouse/significant other/friend into working out with you.- Unless you are in very good shape, the first week will make you SORE. You will move like an elderly trauma victim. Your friends will laugh. Plot your revenge.- If you are wiped out after a workout, chocolate milk is a good substitute for the recovery drink that Tony is always pimping at the end of each DVD.- You can turn off Tony's chatter, the music, or both from the main DVD menu, which is great, since I always start to hate the people on workout DVDs.- Instead of a pull-up bar (and school gym flashbacks), you can use exercise bands like these: Set of 4 ProSource Premium Stackable Latex Exercise Resistance Bands Tubes Cords w/ Door Anchor, Ankle Strap, Carrying Case and Exercise Manual- Get a good workout mat and do ALL of your workouts on it. Your wrists, knees and ankles will thank you. I strongly recommend this one: Harbinger 340100 Durafoam Exercise Mat It is my friend.- If you can't do the more complicated push-ups, try doing them leaning against a wall until you build up strength (I wish I'd learned that earlier).- I found that I only needed 3, 5, and 10 lb dumbbells for resistance training, and I preferred them to using the bands.- I also found that I didn't like Dreya or any of the exercises named after her. What's her deal?So that's my advice for the ladies. Hopefully it helped a bit. (If men read this review hoping for some insight into the mystery of the female mind, I apologize profusely, have a nice day.) I've really enjoyed the program and I love that it is an all-over workout with resistance, cardio and stretching. Tony is like a funny uncle who tells the worst jokes ever, but he's kind of endearing and very encouraging. I plan on doing the whole thing over again in a few months, so I may have some brain damage. Wish me luck. First: Please don't let some of the reviews persuade you into NOT purchasing this exercise system, based on claims of "it's not for everyone" or "it's only for people who are in good shape."I'm a huge guy and I'm totally out of shape, I mean seriously out of shape. That said, I passed the "fitness test" included with the program. Basically, if you're mobile and don't have any major movement limitations or medical conditions, you can do this program. You should consult your doctor first, of course.I've begun the actual routines and they will kick your butt, there's no doubt about it, but it's a DVD program...you can pause it when you need too. During the first workout I was out of breath and toward the end I couldn't lift myself off the floor to do anymore pushups. I paused a few times, to slow my breathing and to do some stretches, so I could get back into it. I didn't even finish all the reps at the end of the first workout. If nothing else, that motivated me to improve myself that much more.So, if you're looking for change and are serious about committing to a 90 day program go for it!!Second: Buy the DVDs used or from a vendor. I saved about 60% buying a new and sealed version of only the DVDs from a vendor; that is, it did not contain the program nutrition/diet guide or the user manual. You can get all the information you need about the program by searching online. The most important part is knowing which workouts to do on which days and the nutrition/diet info is good to have, but it's basically low carb for the first 30 days and then reintroducing limited carbs back into the diet for the remainder.Third: There are additional costs involved, because some accessories are necessary for the program. So far I've purchased a pull up bar (absolutely necessary), resistance bands (not really necessary if you have the pull up bar), and some workout tracking software specifically for P90X to keep record of my progress (not necessary, but nice to have). I own free weight dumbells, but if you don't have any, you'll need a few of those.Other items to consider, some of which are suggested in the intro video, are a yoga mat like this (nice to have), yoga blocks like this, supplements/protein bars/etc., and a heart rate monitor. I've yet to purchase any of these items, since they haven't seemed essential to my completing the program.Again, if you can, buy used DVDs and use the money that you save for the extras you'll need and might want.Overall, I think the program is worth the money and the sweat. If it helps me to get in shape and live longer, so that I can enjoy being with my family, then that's worth more than anything in the world to me. Good luck! I am writing this review to say "Don't believe the hype" P90X is for everyone that is willing to put in the work, not only those that are fit & in shape before they start. I myself started out at 294, my highest weight EVER! and I took the pre-fitness test and barely passed it. I don't have diabetes, high blood pressure or anything else, just a victim of my own laziness and I finally got the jolt to do something about it. I am on day 8...I made it through my 1st week aching, but feeling rejuvenated and excited to do the workouts everyday. I chose to do the lean program as I'm looking for weight loss vs muscle mass. To date, I've lost 7 pounds! In less than 2 full weeks. I'm thankful to Tony Horton that he's created a program that's not boring and works every muscle you ever thought you had. I can already see the difference in my performance in week two as Ab Ripper X is no joke and I couldn't get my self off of the floor in the first week and now I'm up to 15 reps...by week 3 I hope to do the full 25! It's all about progression and lifestyle change.Recommendations for those who choose this: EAT RIGHT! I tried to cheat and reverted back to my old ways for a day and I paid the price. Healthier diet is your friend with this because your body will speak back loudly about what you're putting in it! Get various weights. I'm a woman, and the 8lb are working so good so far, but I'm stepping up to 10 & 15 for more burn. Yoga Blocks are crucial. This was my 1st go round at yoga and trust me, the blocks are a blessing.All in all, push yourself to succeed. Don't give up...I know that if I can do this, anyone can do it and I can't wait to see myself at the 90 day mark! I wanted to wait until I finished Day 60 before I do this review and now that it's done, here's what I think.Just for comparison to people thinking of purchasing this program, I'm a 36 year old asian male, 5'11 tall, 198.6 pounds before I started P90X.At Day 30 I'm at 187.2 pounds, yes, I lost more than 10 pounds in 30 days and my considerably round belly is halfway gone, chest and arms forming muscles.At Day 60 I'm at 181.6 pounds and my belly is mostly gone with signs of abs showing up, my arms clearly shows muscle growth and my back is looking nice.I just started the last 30 days of the program but I got to tell you that P90X, simply WORKS, that is, if you COMMIT to it.I have to tell you that the exercises in P90X range from fairly easy to merciless, it is really designed to push you. BUT do not let that deter you from considering this program. When I started my first week, I can barely keep up, I was only able to do 20 minutes of each workout, especially the strength training. I was so out of shape that I was breathing so hard just after 15 minutes and really struggling with the strength training, BUT I committed to it and after week 3 I noticed it is getting easier to breath and was able to keep up and I was so happy when I was able to finish one whole 60 min. session. And I kept at it.Each DVD is 60 minutes long, 10 minutes of warm-up and cool down and 50 minutes of workout. Tony Horton shows you proper technique and tons of tips on how to do each exercise properly. For each exercise, there is also a modified move which they show for people who are just starting, these modified moves really helped me out during the first few weeks.Another thing I just love about this program is how Tony keeps saying, Don't be a hero, if you feel your legs buckling, arms aching and losing proper form, STOP, you have reached your limit, get some rest or move on to the next one. He also recommends extending the breaks in between sets if you need to. These words from him always reminds you that it's good that you are committing to this program but don't kill yourself doing it, and that it's okay to get some rest and not feel bad about it.Equipment wise, I found that all you really need is a good set of resistance bands with the door attachment so it will serve as your pull-up and chin-up exercise equipment as well as other strength training exercises. That's what I have been using since day 1 and it still gives me a good workout. Just keep adding those bands together as you get stronger to get more resistance. But if you do have a pull-up bar and a set of weights already, then by all means use them.Now, DIET. The product includes a diet program you can follow. But this I DIDN'T do, but I still got results. All I did was watch my calorie intake and did my best not go over the limit. Another thing is to try to keep away from soda and pastries. I still do the occasional cheating but it's still best to minimize it.So there it is. Remember, you have to COMMIT to this program and give it your all. Do not do the exercise just for the sake of doing it. You have to give it your best, if Tony tells you to do a jab and uppercut combination, do EACH SINGLE one with as much intensity as you can. That is the only way you'll succeed through this program and get great results. Do not listen to naysayers about this program, the only reason it didn't work for them is because they didn't give it their all and just plain gave up. Commitment applies to everything in life doesn't it? If you want to get better at something, you have to commit to it.Hope this review helped. I can't wait to see the results when I finally finish the last 30 days. I saw the commercial for this program a few years ago on TV and laughed when it came on. I thought it was just another one of those infomercials that advertised something unattainable and absolutely ridiculous. Who could possibly get ripped by working out in their living room for an hour a day? Well, let's fast forward 3 years later to 2011 and I certainly wasn't laughing anymore. During my college years I managed to pack on 50 pounds of extra weight that needed to come off. So, I went on a diet and started working out at the local gym. Well, that whole gym thing didn't last long. Between gas prices and the membership cost, I just wasn't feeling it. While venting to one of my friends, he suggested that I do P90x. Needless to say he received an eyebrow raise from me. Fast forward another 2 weeks later when I was struggling through the first DVD of this workout. Continue hitting the fast forward button to now; I have completed my first 90 days of P90x and I could not be happier with my results. Right now as it stands, I'm down 60 pounds which is less than I weighed as a freshman and I've toned up considerably. This is the best I've looked in my short life.The best part of this entire workout is that I can do it in a very small space with only a few pieces of equipment. I cleaned out a small portion of my office and set up my laptop  for each of the workouts. The only things that I actually had to buy aside from the DVD set itself were adjustable weights, a pull up bar (can be substituted with bands) and a mat for the ab workout. Other than that, you're good to go.Some people find Tony to be annoying, but I really like him a lot. He keeps you motivated and keeps the workouts fun. That being said, these workouts are not easy in the least. You will struggle if you're not in shape, but just do your best and you will improve. There are also modified moves for those who have trouble with the standard exercises. The results speak for themselves, though. Give it a few weeks and you will be feeling and looking much different than when you started. I purchased my copy of P90x here on Amazon for $70 used and it's paid for itself 10 times over. You really can't go wrong with this program. I'm in week 6 of the p90x cycle and so far am very happy with the product and with the results that I've seen.  I'm somebody who was already in shape and decided to replace my previous gym routine with p90x.  I have a tall and skinny build (about 6'1, 175 lbs), and have been able to notice budding ab muscles along with some improvements in my chest and legs.  The workouts are hard, and the first time through each of them can be very frustrating, but if you stick with it you'll find that each time you do a routine, you get better at it.  I don't follow the diet plan, but I have been eating protein bars and have cut down on snack food since I began the program.  Here is my breakdown of each routine.1) Chest and back: You do this routine on day 1 of weeks 1,2,3,9,11, and it is almost all pull-ups and push-ups.  When I began p90x, I could do about 1 to 2 pull-ups, and now I can do about 6 to 7 at a time, depending on the type (you use different grips for each exercise).  There are about 5 types of push-ups and pull-ups which you alternate between, and then the whole routine is repeated.  This is definitely one of the harder routines, and at the end you can barely lift your arms.  You need a pull-up bar for this routine.  I also use push-up bars which helps my wrists and improves my form.2) Plyometrics: You do this routine on day 2 of weeks 1,2,3,5,6,7,9,10,11,12.  This is the hardest of all of the routines, as you are constantly jumping and squatting.  There are 5 sets of exercises which each have three 30 second exercises followed by one 60 second (easier) exercise.  There is one additional sports set at the end which is easier than the other five.  This is definitely the most draining workout, and the first time through, I had to pause it multiple times.  Now, I can do it with almost no pauses, but it completely wipes me out by the end.  If you have hard floors like I do, I recommend a workout mat.  Mine slides around a bit, so I have to pin it under the couch in my apartment.3) Arms and shoulders: You do this routine on day 3 of weeks 1,2,3,9,11.  This routine is mostly focused around lifting either weights or using resistance bands.  There is always one person in the video using bands, so you can use either and not worry about not knowing what to do.  I use resistance bands since they are less expensive.  During this routine, you do multiple sets of lifting exercises: biceps, followed by shoulders, followed by triceps.  While it is less grueling than days 1 and 2, it still makes your arms very tired by the end.4) Yoga: You do this routine on day 4 of weeks 1,2,3,5,6,7,9,10,11,12, and on days 1 and 6 of weeks 4,8,13. This workout is longer than any of the other workouts (about 90 minutes).  The first half of the workout is very intense and is mostly different "warrior" poses.  Most of these poses involve being in a lunge stance for a few minutes at a time and really make you balance while working leg muscles.  This part of the routine is as hard as anything else you do in p90x.  The second half of the routine is much easier and you mostly do different balance postures and stretches.  I've been splitting this workout up and doing the second half after work, which I prefer doing so that I don't have to wake up as early.  Overall, this workout (especially the first half) is very difficult, and it takes work to master each pose.  You need a yoga mat for this one.5) Legs and back: You do this routine on day 5 of weeks 1,2,3,5,6,7,9,10,11,12.  It consists of sets of 2 leg exercises (squats or lunges) followed by one round of pull-ups.  The wall squats and one legged wall squats are the most difficult exercises and really make your legs burn.  Overall, it is not as intense on your legs as the plyometrics day, but it is still very difficult.  The people in the video hold weights during most of the leg exercises, but I don't own them, so I just do the exercises without them which is hard enough.  The pull-ups are similar to the ones from chest and back.6) Kenpo: You do this routine on day 6 of weeks 1,2,3,5,6,7,9,10,11,12 and day 3 of weeks 4,8,13.  This routine is a bit easier than the others, but still gives you a good workout.  You throw a lot of kicks and punches during a short period of time, without a lot of breaks.  It is good cardio and is the most fun routine to do.7) Stretching: You do this routine on day 7 of every week, and also on day 4 of weeks 4,8,13.  During this routine you stretch out muscles of each part of the body.  Most of these exercises are from the warmups of other routines or are from the second half of the yoga routine.  It's important to give your body a rest and stretching can make you better at the other routines.  I try to do it each week and have only skipped it once so far.  I find this routine very relaxing.  This is also a good day to do the Cardio X routine as well since it is not very difficult, and I don't feel like I get enough cardio with only two days each week devoted to it.8) Core: You do this routine during days 2 and 5 of weeks 4,8,13.  You do a hybrid of exercises which work different muscle groups.  Some of the exercises work abs, while there are also push-up exercises for your chest, and others for your legs and back.  While not as hard as some of the routines you do other weeks, this not an easy workout.9) Chest, triceps, shoulders:  You do this routine during day 1 of weeks 5,6,7,10,12.  This is one of the hardest routines of the program, and after you finish, you will barely be able to move your arms.  The push-ups from this routine are much harder than the ones from other days, and some (such as one arm push-ups) are still too hard for me to do.  The triceps and shoulder exercises are similar to the ones you do during the other weeks, but doing them on the same day as the push-ups makes them much more difficult.10) Biceps and back:  You do this routine during day 3 of weeks 5,6,7,10,12.  While this is not the hardest workout in the program, your arms will feel sore by the end, as you do a lot of bicep curls and pull-ups.  It is slightly shorter than the other routines, which makes it go by quickly.11) Abs: You do this routine on days 1,3,5 of weeks 1,2,3,5,6,7,9,10,11,12 at the end of the other routines each day.  The ab workout is maybe the best workout of the package and gives the most visible results.  It is 15 minutes long, and is hard work.  The first few times through, I couldn't get through the entire routine, and my abs hurt afterward, but I've improved since, and have noticed the most results from this workout.12) Cardio X:  I did this workout a few times during the rest week (4,8,13).  It starts out with some of the "warrior" yoga moves, followed by some kenpo, then some plyo, and finally some of the core exercises from other days.  This workout isn't to difficult and is a good supplement if you have some extra time to burn off additional calories, especially since you only do cardio twice a week usually.Overall, I'm very happy with the program.  The dvd's are good quality (although they aren't wide-screen which is annoying since the black bars on the sides of the screen are becoming visible when I watch other things on TV).  I also like that during each workout there is a status bar at the bottom of the screen which tells you how much longer the workout is as well as how long you have left in the current exercise (although the status bar has also burned into my screen a little bit).  The casing that holds the DVDs is pretty bad, so you might want to put them in a jewel case instead so that they don't get scratched up, as I've seen a few people complaining about this in the comments.  Tony is a bit cheesy at times, but I don't mind that.  Some people complain that he talks too much between exercises, but he has to in order to give you enough time to rest between each exercise.  The only thing which I find annoying is that he advertises the recovery drink during each routine.  He's pretty good at describing the exercises, but the first time through, you might want to watch how to do some of them.  I was already going to a gym and running each day for a half an hour, so the time commitment isn't too much worse for me than before and I don't have to leave my apartment.  It is definitely for people who are already in shape, so I recommend if you haven't worked out in a while that you should probably ease into it with the cardio x, stretching, and kenpo routines before getting into the others.  As I said above, I don't do the diet plan, but I've made an effort to eat healthier foods and more protein, which I think is good enough.  I also end up getting drinks with friends each week, so I try to make up for it by either running a little extra on those days or doing Cardio X in addition to my other routine.  When I do go out, I also try to stay away from mixed drinks which contain a lot of sugar.  A few times I've been away for a weekend and had to skip a day, but I made up for it by pushing everything back and then doing stretching on the same day as Kenpo to catch up.  p90x is definitely a much more fun and more motivating way to work out, and if you work hard enough, you will get results. I began this program weighing in at 247 lbs.  Per the book, i also measured body fat percentage, which was 35%!  Yikes!  I have tried a few video oriented programs in the past, even bought/sold a bowflex in the past 5 years.  The problem with all of them was repetition.  I cannot stand repetition.  It kills my motivation to do just about anything.  With P90x, there is enough variety that you dont get that effect at all.  It also helps that some days, your doing cardio, some days resistance.  I'm in the 3rd and final phase currently and am down to 225 lbs, but the real change that should be noticed is me being down to 25% body fat.  For practical purposes if your overweight, focus on the body fat changes, and less on the total weight loss.  If i did the P90x lean, cardio-focused routine (you can do classic, doubles, or lean), I'd probably be down to 210 lbs right now.  I'm 'bringing it' using the classic routine which will, if you want to build muscle, pack on noticeable, considerable muscle.  Some of the routines i like more than others (not a fan of yoga, love kempo, hate plyometrics only because its so tough).  Again, if you consider where i started and where i am, its amazing.  The program takes the guesswork out of what to eat, but to be honest, i didnt follow it at all, and am still losing weight.  Perhaps if i was strict about the diet, i'd be better off, but i have a 3 year old and a 18 month old and another on the way, so my time is not exactly unlimited needless to say.  Yes, you can do this program with a house full of pregnant wife and little kids.  The key is to either do the workouts early in the morning or after they go to bed.  Speaking of the actual videos, Tony does a decent job of keeping form a priority in all of the routines.  He does so in a motivating, and light hearted way.  sometimes he gets intense which is appreciated, i find myself being ok with the overall presentation.  throughout each routine he shows you how to modify, which is doing a move in a way to make it easier for you if you are starting out and maybe out of shape.  On that note, there is a pre fitness test you have to take before you start out and it is recommended that you meet the minimum goals before starting.  you can go on the beachbody website and download the pre-test.  Some of them i did, some i did not.  To get the most out of the program, and i know this now 2.5 months into the program, you really should be in basic shape at the start.  its definitely not for everyone.  i had to modify a good bit on the cardio routines the first month, but then i didnt have to as i got in good enough cardio shape.  The resistnace routines are much easier to modify, just lighten the weights your using, or use bands instead of the pull up bar.  Speaking of ancillary items needed,  power bands are used in all the resistance routines, get them if you feel you might need them, and get multiple bands of different strengths.  Amazon has EVERYTHING you'll need.  i purchased the pull up bar, yoga blocks, heart rate monitor with chest band (polar), cap adjustable 40 lb dumbell sets (2), perfect push up bars, yoga mat.  Supplement wise, i use the gnc mega man extreme athlete multipacks, and the gnc wheybolic 60 for recovery drink.  It really makes a difference after a workout, and the creatine in the mega man vitamins help hydrate muscles, cutting down on sore time.  In short, there is some considerable bank to be invested...in yourself.  if you think of it that way, it softens the blow a bit.  I'm in a much better place than i have been for the past five years.  My boys are getting older by the day, and did not want to be the dad that is glued to the couch watching my full of energy boys from afar.  picking up my 18 month old is almost effortless now, such a joy.  i do have some regrets so far.  i wish i kept that bowlfex.  i can easily see that piece of equipment being a great vehicle for the resistence routines.  i wish they had this when i was in highschool.  i regret not following the nutritional guide closer.  Get plenty of sleep, and drink LOTS of water, EVERYDAY.  i did not adhere to those aspects as well as i could have.  The good news is once you've invested in the materials, you'll always have them, and i definitely will keep going after the first circuit is complete.  The olny recurring costs being the supplements and protein, which you can go cheaper definitely.  I'm so amazed that this program worked as well as it did.  I thought "another infomercial" - and I *never* buy infomercial items.  But something inside told me to give it a try and I broke down and ordered it off Amazon.  I didn't even want to tell anyone I bought it because I thought "I'm not sure I can do it and I don't want the embarrassment of failure".  But if I can do it then anyone can.It took a couple of weeks of lighter workouts to "work up" to being able to do these - but maybe that was more my courage working up than my fitness level.  And even now that I've fully completed all 90 days I still have to "press pause" through many of them to take an extra 30 second break.  But I am in the best shape of my life and am VERY excited to be starting the program again for a second round.  I've lost 35 pounds so far (let's just say I was vary round before this - and very out of shape).I had a personal trainer years ago.  I could only afford that 3 days a week and over a summer I got in pretty good shape.  With P90X I'm in better shape, faster.  But I am working out pretty much every day now (at least 6 days per week).Pros:* Great variety - can keep using the program after 90 days if you want without being bored* Great production quality* Tony (trainer) has a great personality* Cheaper than a Gym Membership for a year* Easier and less embarrassing than going to the gym* Your "better half" won't be able to keep their hands off of you* Lower blood pressure, greatly increase fitness level, feel younger* Intense (hard) workoutsCons:* Need 60 - 90 minutes, six days a week* Need to dig deep and "press play" each day.  Motivation was hard the first 2 - 3 weeks but then got MUCH easier as you see and feel the results* You can use fitness bands, but you really will want a full set of dumbbells for this (guys especially = $300+)* Need a Heart Rate monitor (Amazon = $30 - $60)* Solid floor to workout on (if you live in the upstairs apartment you may not be loved during the "jump training")* Intense (hard) workoutsBottom Line:  If you can be self-motivated for the first month -  FORCE yourself to do it EVERY day - you won't regret it.  You'll eventually look forward to it and you'll feel GREAT.  And all the compliments you get won't hurt either. I just recently purchased P90x (2 weeks ago) and began the program 7 days ago.  This was my first 'break' day.  It's a grinding, grueling workout that's not for everyone.  You have to come motivated to do this.  There is a 'fit test' to see if you're ready, but rest assured, it's not terribly tough to get through.  Requires you can do pushups, pullups, and an ab exercise.  The requirements are minimal, and anyone can really do this, but you may not be ready day 1 to complete the entire workout.  I wasn't.I've gone through the first 6 workout CDs of the package, and again, it's not easy.  The pain in your muscles is tough to deal with the first few days.  I didn't feel any relief for the first 4 days.  Once you get through that first week, the pain starts to subside and become more of a 'good' muscle feel. I'm still slightly sore, but I feel fantastic (which is silly because it's only been 7 days!).As with any exercise plan, you have to follow a diet that's right for you.  P90x provides the diet plan for foods to eat.  I already miss the hamburgers, subs, steaks of weeks before when I ate like crap, but the diet plan still allots for plenty of calories.  I'm 6'3 tall.  I started last week at 215 lbs.  As part of the diet plan provided, I am supposed to eat in the area of 2700 calories to maintain and gain muscle.  The workout asks participants to consume up to 600 just for this workout.  Over 7 days, I've dropped to 208 lbs.  That's in eating a bunch of protein (7 servings a day currently as part of the 'fat shredder' phase of the diet plan), vegetables, and stuff I wasn't accustomed to eating regularly like egg whites and fat free ham.  I'm taking my health serious and already feeling he differences being made.  If you don't plan to do the diet, not sure you'll see the impact you're hoping for.The workouts themselves last 50-60 minutes with warmup and cool downs.  Every other workout pumps in the Ab Ripper X workout afterwards.  DON'T SKIP IT.  My abs are terrible to begin with, and while Tony goes through 350 movements in the workout (25 reps over 12 exercises, 50 on the final), you just need to focus on what you can complete.  Being I never worked my abs really, I felt myself completing 15ish reps per exercise in trying to keep up and sometimes needing to pause the dvd to try to keep up.  It's not easy, but it's not supposed to be.  After the third iteration, I could keep pace without pausing, but I'm still not keeping pace with Tony and getting around 17 reps per exercise.  Slowly but surely improving.So who's this workout program for?  In my opinion, it's for those looking to gain muscle, lose minor amounts of weight, and look great.  I'm not here to lose 50 lbs like some people.  I just wanted to turn my fat into muscle.  Some weight loss is plenty fine with me, but I wouldn't expect the pounds to drop off with this workout.  It's not as cardio intensive; however, there are CDs and ways to make this more geared toward cardio and a leaner look.I honestly believe most anyone can do these workouts, but it's on you to stay motivated and have a significant other who supports it.  I have two young toddlers at home, so getting to the gym is nearly impossible.  I'm doing this at 4am in the morning, and it's a challenge, but the feeling and results after just one week feel amazing.  Stick with it, stay motivated. In the last decade I've burned my way through a lot of workout DVDs and exercise equipment.  At first all of them helped me to lose some weight and gain a certain level of fitness, but over time they became repetitive and I felt like I was in a rut.  I decided that I needed a comprehensive exercise program that would guide me to a higher state of fitness and give me the tools to maintain it. A couple of months ago I came across the P90X infomercial on cable TV, and despite some trepidation I decided to man up and go for the gusto.  Although it wasn't easy, P90X wasn't too hard for me and it changed my lifeI was a bit nervous about ordering anything directly from BeachBody, so I went through Amazon instead.  I soon received a box with the BeachBody logo containing the twelve-workout P90X program (the How to Bring it introductory DVD also contains a bonus of two workouts from Tony Horton's Power 90 program), a fitness guidebook, a nutrition plan, a calendar, and a quick start guide.  However, keep in mind that ordering directly from BeachBody can get you some additional goodies such as a "professional grade" exercise band (NOTE: I'm not affiliated with BeachBody, nor am I a coach).Once the program came in the mail I spent some time looking it over and gathering the required equipment.  When I felt ready I began P90X on March 14, 2012.  After a lot of sweat and effort I finally finished the last workout on June 11, 2012.  I'm satisfied with my results, despite the fact that they weren't as visually dramatic as the featured infomercial players.  Even so, I'm much fitter now than when I started P90X, and I feel like I can competently maintain my results, especially since BeachBody, the company behind P90X, has many other exercise programs and a large online support community that will keep me on the path to holistic fitness and wellness.Anyway, as part of my preparation I watched the How to Bring It DVD, a short P90X tutorial featuring program creator and workout leader Tony Horton, and leafed through the fitness book.  Mr. Horton provides three different 90-day paths to glory: 1) P90X Classic, the standard program; 2) P90X Lean, a slightly easier variation with more cardio focus; and 3) P90X Doubles, which is Classic with additional morning cardio workouts.  All three options follow a six day on/one day off cycle within a three phase plan that changes things up to maximize muscle confusion in order to prevent the plateau effect, which according to Mr. Horton is the bane of most fitness programs because it stops fitness growth and leads to fatigue and discouragement.To keep things lively and interesting, P90X consists of twelve different workouts - most are an hour long, with YogaX running 90 minutes and the add-on Ab Ripper X routine clocking in at about sixteen minutes.  You'll need some equipment to maximize your results: a pull-up bar, yoga block, exercise mat, exercise bands, push-up stands, and dumbbells.  If necessary, you can use the exercise bands in lieu of the dumbbells and pull-up bar.  Of course, you will need the right kind of doorway for the pull-up bar (or get a free-standing one) and a place to attach the bands.  BeachBody sells all of these items, but I got mine from local sporting goods and exercise stores.I chose the P90X Classic option and jumped right in.  One thing I quickly discovered was the difference between the infomercial's rah-rah marketing focus and the actual program's disclaimer.  The infomercial showcases morbidly obese or out-of-shape people doing P90X and obtaining dramatic results, but the DVD and guidebook warnings state that P90X is only for people who are already fit and injury-free, and recommends that everyone take and pass the included fitness test before attempting the program.  At this point I was already committed, so I skipped the test and went for it.Tony Horton is the front man for all of the workouts and is assisted by a rotating cast of P90X graduates (some more likeable than others, as you'll discover) who demonstrate the exercises and their variations.  Mr. Horton's quite the talkative extrovert, and "the kids" also act as the straight man for his constant stream of good-natured and humorous banter.  After the first workout I was beat to crap, but thankfully Mr. Horton stresses modifications and breaks as needed for beginners like myself.  As time went on I gained confidence and felt better, especially as I got more sleep, added supplements, and improved my diet.Speaking of nutrition, P90X comes with a comprehensive nutrition plan that, like the exercise program, is broken down into three phases: 1) Fat Shredder; 2) Energy Booster; and 3) Endurance Maximizer that are designed to provide the fuel needed to get fit and obtain muscular definition.  As stated in the program and on the website, the diet is a KEY factor of P90X, especially if you're aiming for six-pack abs.  Although I significantly altered my diet to include smaller portions of healthier foods and added some supplements, I didn't religiously follow the diet plan and therefore did not get the bufftastic results that some folks in my support group achieved.Indeed, the message board support group on the BeachBody website was a big help to me.  After lurking in the P90X section for awhile I found a like-minded bunch of people who started about the same time I did, along with a solid coach who kept us on track, answered questions, and even used "tough love" to bust excuses and keep us pushing play.  However, be aware that it's pretty easy to become a BeachBody coach, and as a result their quality varies wildly.  But ours was one of the good ones, and I got a lot out of interacting with him and my other P90X newbies on a daily basis.By the time I reached the third phase of P90X I had made significant fitness gains and was able to keep up with most of the exercises.  I lost some fat, gained some muscle, my clothes fit better, I looked good, and I felt more energetic.  As with any exercise program, I enjoyed some workouts more than others.  Since I'm a martial artist I liked KenpoX the best and felt that Core Synergistics provided a good all-around workout.  And like many others, I struggled with YogaX's difficulty and 90-minute length and had a love/hate relationship with Ab Ripper X.  But every time I completed a routine I felt like I had accomplished something, and that was a huge motivator.I became so invested in completing P90X that I did the last week while on vacation in Hawaii (I even planned my trip so that air travel to and from O'ahu fell on my recovery days).  Making it through the program without missing a workout gave me a great sense of accomplishment, especially after it morphed into more than just a one-and-done deal.  P90X made superior fitness a habit, prompting me to continue tweaking my diet for the better and take on another 90-day hybrid program of two other BeachBody workouts: P90X Plus and Les Mills Pump.  And my support group is still in place, even though many of us are doing different programs this time around.Caveats?  Well, P90X requires a significant time commitment to realize its full potential.  You'll be working out six days a week for at least an hour (longer on YogaX and Ab Ripper X days).  None of the routines are a cakewalk, and there is plenty of injury potential if you're careless or have preexisting health conditions.  Plus, if you want optimal results you'll have to follow the nutrition plan, which can be expensive if you get the supplements and difficult if you hate cooking, like coffee and alcohol, or are on a special diet because of issues such as diabetes.  In addition, the equipment listed above isn't cheap, especially if you have to buy it all from scratch.  Finally, the DVDs seem to be prone to damage - a couple people in my group had problems with freezing discs, and getting replacements from BeachBody can be tough without the proper documentation.In the end, I'm glad that I did P90X because the good results I achieved even without strict adherence to the nutrition plan and despite the obstacles listed in the previous paragraph.  Some people fall in love with P90X and go through two or more cycles in a row, but I'd rather do some other exercise packages in order to avoid burnout.  I advise checking out the BeachBody website, particularly the message boards, to see if P90X (or another of their many programs) is right for you.  As for me, I can truly say that P90X has changed my life for the better, and therefore it gets my highest recommendation. You see those people on TV with incredible results, because this is a very challenging workout program.  I could barely get through half of each workout when I started, but I persisted and the results and increased performance come with time.  Tony Horton and his P90X system absolutely rock!  I highly recommend this for anyone who has hit a plateau, has felt burned out with their current routine or has had trouble getting into the gym to shed those pounds and build that confidence.But on a practical note, I wanted to write this review primarily to let you know what equipment you'll need to do P90X:1. Chin-up bar (You can mount one on your door frame.  Buy the one on Amazon for $39.95, not the more expensive P90X version).  The bar is not absolutely necessary, you can use a workout band for the shoulder/chest stuff, but I would recommend getting one anyway, as you'll want more options as time goes on.  This may leave slight marks on your door frame from your body's weight.  Just FYI.2. For men: not only the heavy-strength workout band, but the medium one too.  Some of the shoulder and triceps exercises are harder with the heavy-strength band, so you want options.  You don't want to bite off more than you can chew and get injured or lose motivation when you can't get through everything with a heavy band.3. A chair and/or stool (perhaps two).4. Optional: dumbbells.  I would get a couple sets or adjustable ones.  I wanted to be realistic, so I started off with 25 pounders and a lighter set of Wieder brand bells for shoulder stuff.  You can find these online or at any sporting goods store.  The weights are priced around the poundage (so a 25 pound dumbbell is around $20 - $25, etc.).5. Optional: definitely not necessary, but I enjoyed having the little push-ups stands.  They are U-shaped bars that you place on the floor and allow you to get deeper into your push ups.  They're only about $10 at a sporting goods store.6. Yoga bricks -- for balance when you do the Yoga stuff.  You can find these online (just type "Yoga blocks" or "Yoga bricks" into a search engine) or at most Yoga centers.  I paid about $19 total for a set of two.7. Optional: yoga mat.  Good for the Yoga stuff, but if you are working out in a carpeted area, you may not need this.  I have one.8. Water bottle, tennis shoes, workout clothes, towels (you will sweat profusely!) -- the usual workout stuff.That's really about it.  You'll spend some money upfront (on top of the P90X set), but doing this program is going to be a pretty big commitment, so these expenses aren't that big of a deal in the long term.P90X is not for the faint of heart; and yet, with hard work and perseverance, anyone can do this.  A great, challenging workout that will get you the results you're looking for with a minimum risk of injury due to great warm up and cool down sessions.  I had shoulder issues going in, but I have not experienced the same trauma I had in the gym due to more stretching and warm up exercises that are an integral part of P90X.Thank you, Tony Horton. I will give you the pros and cons of P90X.  If I had ONE statement to make...BUY the versions available that include BOTH books...the exercise book and the nutrition book and then watch the INTRO CD!ME:  I have a degree in physicial education with an additional 10+ years of experience as a certified athletic trainer (means I have to understand strength and conditioning principles really well).Before I started this program I was in cycling shape ONLY and at 43 (female) I am a rookie road cyclist.  I live in a part of California with lots of large rolling hills = climbing.  While I spent much of my youth playing team sports I managed to let my conditioning slip in my late 30s and early 40s.  Recently:  As a group (four of us) we did four weeks of TaeBo workouts, 3-5 times per week and had a decent cardio base to start with.  And THEN we decided to try P90X!  We are on week 5 of the Lean Program!  (There are three programs...lean, classic and doubles)The great parts about this program is that:1) it utilizes inexpensive equipment and the equipment you do buy is versatile.  So if you end up not finishing the P90X program you could still use the bands and weights and pull up bar in other work out programs. 6 days a week, an average of 1 hour per day (give or take) is all you need.2) it's based on sound exercise physiology principles3) the nutrition book is very helpful  (use it!)4) the website it also a nice add-on benefit  (use it!)5) you can do this at home or in a gym with friends or in your garage6) this is a great ADD-ON program for rookie cyclists, triathletes.7) even 'non-athletes' (people who claim no background of organized competitive sports history) can do the LEAN program.8) it's fun...motivational and NOT boring (I don't dig the yoga day too much though but I do it!)CONs:1)  ROOKIE?  If you're new to working out with weights then some of these moves will involve LEARNING the correct way to do them so you avoid hurting yourself and which might delay how fast you see results.  But injuring yourself isn't worth rushing it.  And probably they could have done a better job explaining proper SQUAT positions for back safety.2)  No Aerobic Conditioning Base?  If you neglect to read the book that comes with this program you will miss a great deal.  And NO...you can't just download it from their website either so don't get tricked by some of the sellers out there who don't include the books.  Anyway...back to what I was saying:  Which includes recognizing the fact that you need to have a base to start from in order to get the best out of the P90X program.  I'm not sure how good of a job they did expressing this fact.  It's not that you CAN'T do it...it's just a matter of getting to what you want in the end...muscle gains?  Weight loss?My Advice?  READ the BOOK and REVIEW the INTRO CD before you start!1)  LEAN:  I would advise you to start with the Lean exercise program FIRST, and then go to the CLASSIC next.  Even though the book has the classic section first.2)  CLASSIC:  This is great for college athletes who want this for their off season program (summer for example) or for competitive recreational athletes (triathletes) who are already in MODERATE to HIGHLY conditioned levels.  Or start classic after you have done the LEAN for at least 4 weeks.3)  DOUBLES:  I haven't done it and haven't reviewed it.SUMMARY:  The four of us work out together 4 days of the week.  We are all females and only two of us have athletic background.  We range in ages of 34-47.  Our main goals include weight loss and to include more weight bearing activities (good for when you hit 40's ladies!).  The other two days we have to be motivated enough to do it on our own and usually do so.It has certainly improved my climbing power!  That matters in cycling!Do Your Best and Forget the Rest!Best of luck!  It is so worth the $80 I spent on it...or near that price. First ImpressionsI've got to admit, I was a bit unsure on how good or doable this product would be.  I have to say after week 1, all workouts have been very intense (like they say it will), but your body reacts and starts shaping almost right away.  I'm not obese or very unfit, so I have a bit of a head start, to be fair.Minimum Fit Test (Yes, there is one)However, I will advise everyone trying or thinking to do p90x they ensure they can pass the minimum fit test.  If you can't do 15 push-ups, 25 sit-ups, run/jog for 30mins, and do basic weight training with a 15-20 dumbells, then you're not ready for this workout and you'll struggle a bit too much to really get the benefits.  They don't tell you this in the infomercial, so I recommend you do these things and see if you're up to the task.What equipment do you need?*85" Yoga Mat, reco Manduka Mat Black Pro- worth the extra dough.  Yes, you will need the longer mat, I can't imagine doing the workouts on a smaller mat honestly and I'm not a 6 ft. tall guy.*A couple pairs of dumbells (something light for higher reps, and another for stretch goal).  Resistance bands are probably the best option so you're not spending a ton off the bat.  I have both and switch out whenever I'm feeling it's getting easy.*Chin-up bar for use in-home.  Iron Gym one works pretty dang well.  p90x one looks pretty good too, but was going for price.*Yoga Blocks (a bit optional), but if you can afford them - they're "nice to have"*Chair (something you can step on, and throw around easily - but is very stable).  The workouts depend on it (especially if you're not above avg. fit)*Some sort of protein shake drink for recovery.  I just do Muscle Milk from any grocery store- lite/high protein/low fat.  Probably costs more than self shakes, but I'd rather have something ready made and yummy cold right after the workout*Heart rate monitor of some kind - got the basic POLAR one.est. TOTAL equipment investment = $300ish (but just remember, this is only two month membership for any of those fancy gyms...)Thoughts on WorkoutsThey are intense, but Tony does get you through them and it's ok to obviously not be able to do all of them at first.  The next day you are sore like you've never been sore before.  I couldn't believe it - IT FELT AMAZING.  If you're not used to it, be prepared.What I love most is that you don't have to do standard running / trendmill work.  You're pushed through a rigorous aerobic type workout, which is doable for the avg. fit person and enjoyable even.  I'm not a Yoga person, but the way they do Yoga in this program is interesting to me and has changed my mind about it altogether - and yes that's also a workout for sure - dripping sweat after no doubt.I don't think I can do these workouts in the afternoon after work because they are INTENSE and you need full energy to complete them.  I recommend you do them in the morning. Lastly, it will be time for you to give up drinking and partying - because if you try and do these workouts after a night of drinking, you will hurt like never before.  I tried it :) haha.I'll do another update after week 3 and hope to report above avg. gains.  If I got half the results on the infomercials, I'd be pretty happy with that. IF one follows this program there is absolutely no way that one cannot get the success and results they are looking for.  The first 2 weeks I used it I lost 7lbs.  However, it can be costly to follow the nutrition plan(which is easy to follow) but there are ways around that as well.Instead of buying the P90X protein powder I bought a huge jug at Walmart for $8 (whey protein), added my fruit and skim milk to that.  I also do not use the protein bars.  The food is easy to undertand AND there are recipes that are easy, easy to do.  Furthermore, one does NOT need the chin-up bar....you can use the bands which are less expensive...AND you do not need to find any place to put up the chin-up bar.  I noticed an increase in my strength in two weeks.  It is fun and always changing!!  I love it!! It is not an easy workout...but it is challenging and fun. I bought this program for my husband for his 65th birthday. He had just retired and I did not want him to end up sitting watching TV all day like his father did. He LOVES IT. We modify it and work out together every day. The first week we had to buy a large tube of Ben Gay and we head for the hot tub after our morning work out, but now as we finish week 5, we are doing so much better. We have increased the amount of weight we work with so there has to be muscle increase and we have lost pounds.My husband sets the alarm so we get up early. He never lets us miss our workout. Although I think Christmas Day will be an exception. The grandkids are not that patient. But then back to business. We LOVE Tony Horton. I have talked about P90X on Facebook and now our neighbors have bought it. I've made it through 10 weeks of the program, and if you stick with it, it works. I am working through the "Lean" program, and plan to do "Doubles" when I finish my first 90 days.As you will probably read in other reviews, there are some good things and some bad, and a lot that is open for debate. First the negatives: It takes a lot of time, especially at first if you are not familiar with the exercises. I set aside 90 minutes for each weight-routine workout, (which inludes time for the ab routine).I was physically fit and active (I play recreational hockey), but was carrying an extra 30 pounds of fat. I found that some of the exercises were difficult at first, but trust me that it gets easier as your body begins to change. One thing that I really like about P90X is that it's a total body workout, and includes a lot of stretching and flexibility exercises, along with increasing muscle mass and replacing body fat.Here is the debatable topic - Tony Horton can be really annoying. He uses the same jokes in many of the videos and it can become tedious after a while. That being said, his mantra of "Do your best and forget the rest" really resonated with me when I was struggling, as well as his continued encouragement that it's okay if you can't keep up with the people on the video - eventually you will. I actually kind of like the guy, in the way that you like that HR person who makes you do the trust exercise at the retreat.At this point, I can't imagine going back to the eliptical trainer four days a week. I think I'd be bored out of my mind. I look forward to my daily workouts and plan to continue with P90X for at least one more round. In ten weeks I've lost almost 20 pounds, but more importantly I have reshaped my body and gained an incredible amount of flexibility.One other point I should make. There are several diet options. I chose to count calories based on eating a specific number of portions from the various food groups (it's all in the diet book). One mistake I made, was that I did not increase my calorie intake in phase II because I was satisfied with the 1800 calories and wanted to lose more weight. Big mistake. My body went into starvation mode and I didn't lose any weight for three weeks until I increased my calories. So, I would suggest that whichever food plan you choose, stick to the guidelines unless you really know what you're doing. I didn't.So, my summary is that this program does work, but it takes a lot of time and committment. There is no substitute for hard work, but if you stick with it, you will see results, but also keep your expectations real. You're not going to go from blob to buff in 90 days. I never write reviews, but I've loved reading through all the comments here and thought I'd add my own. There are a lot of reviews here about the tapes themselves, so I'll just add our experience with them and the unexpected results we are witnessing.My husband and I met at the gym 15 years ago. We were both in decent shape and have maintained that doing the same boring routine for the past 15 years. We were way overdue for a change! The hour or so every night to do the tapes is no big deal - we were already spending 2.5 hours a night at the gym, including driving back and forth, so these tapes actually free up MORE of our time to do other things.When we were younger, he was a track star, and I was a gymnast and swimmer. I am 5'5" and have maintained  110-120 pounds since college and can still bench 200 pounds. I run a lot and even do a half marathon every January. We thought we were in pretty good shape when we started this routine 4 weeks ago, but we quickly identified the areas where we were weak - mainly core strength and balance were lacking and these tapes have already made noticeable improvements in these areas. In addition, I have been having a lot of back and leg pain as I have aged (I am in my 50's and have a computer desk job) and as my core is getting stronger, the pain is becoming less and less. Having a pull up bar is something I wish I'd invested in years ago. They are addictive. We leave it up in a doorframe all the time and every time I walk by it I just hang until my back pops (what a relief!) and then do a few quick pull-ups just because I can't resist.I did not find the tapes too difficult at all, but they were definitely challenging. My husband sweats to the extreme, even just doing the yoga tape (hate it and love it). It has become a nightly routine we look forward to doing together, and may even give up our gym membership.As a side note, he is 61, suffers from Parkinson's disease, and just had a quadruple bypass and aortic valve replacement 2 years ago and is able to keep up with this routine. He refuses to do the diet part, but at least has cut down on the sugary drinks and has lost about 10 pounds so far (he needed to lose about 20). I already stick to a similar diet of low carb, high protein and have not lost a single pound -in fact, I've gained 2. But that's ok because I'm replacing what little fat I did have with more muscle and have lost an inch off my waist and am already noticeably more cut - just the results I was looking for.Can't wait to start week 5. We are going to Hawaii next month for the honeymoon we never had (in fact, first vacation we've ever taken together that didn't involve visiting family) and hope to be in the best shape of our lives and feeling great with our newly toned "beachbodies". We plan on taking the non-resistance DVD's and portable DVD player with us. You are never too old to get more fit and I like that I inspire a lot of people I work with who are half my age to get off their duffs and start changing their routines to improve their health. Doing (and sticking with) these workout tapes is an excellent place to start.  These DVDs arrived in perfect condition. I did my research before purchasing these and knew I was in for a challenge...but I had no idea they would be so tough! The yoga and legs/back workouts are particularly challenging. That said, I do like the variety and fast pace of these workouts, and after four weeks I am seeing results (more muscle tone and less fat). I would recommend these for someone in moderate to good shape. I'm currently rounding out week two of the P90X program.  After about a year of doing little to no exercise I had put on a fair amount of weight and my fitness level had diminished considerably.  Before my year long hiatus I used to mountain bike, road bike, rock climb, snow board, hike, run, etc.  I heard good things about P90X from other people trying it, and from the reviews online from a variety of sources.  The program is definitely effective and gets you to work, but there are pros and cons just like everything else.The workouts are designed to push you.  You've definitely not going to be able to do everything the first couple of weeks unless you're in athlete level fitness.  If you're like me and haven't done much activity in a long time you're going to be really sore the first couple of days, and probably achy the next couple of weeks.  You really need to try and push yourself without cause immediate pain.  Any sharp pains mean you should stop immediately, but working through achy muscles and soreness is not a bad thing and often will make ou feel better in the end.The variety the program offers is one of the better things.  I like the mix of strength, stretch, and endurance.  For intance, the Yoga routine while hard has a bunch of stretches at the end that losens everything up after all the strength routines earlier in the week.  Going into week three I think most of my muscle soreness should be gone, and won't return until week 5 when the routine switch up again.  Also, if you're not sore at all after the strength routine you're either doing something wrong, or are not working hard enough.  Soreness = results.There are some cons to the program.  P90X requires a couple pieces of equipment on top of the $140 DVDs.  You'll need a pull-up bar, and weights or bands at a bare minimum.  They also recommend yoga blocks, yoga mat, heart rate monitor, and a myriad of P90X branded suppliments.  If you're on the cheap I recommend getting the bands.  You local sporting goods store should have some in stock.  You're going to need a couple of different bands for different exercises.  If you're a guy, I'd recommend a 30lb-50lb band range.  As for dumbbells, they'll cost ~$1/lb, you could probably get away with just a couple, but as your strength increases you'll just end up needed different ones.  If you can afford it I've read the Bowflex Selectech weights work well for 90% of the exercises.  Pretty much any pull-up bar would work, but ones that have the wide grips would suit the workouts better.  As for everything else, it's not really needed. For suppliments I would suggest going to a GNC and getting something with similar nutritional properties as the P90X products.  The heartrate monitor is usefull, but not required.  The yoga blocks don't need to be actual yoga blocks.  A small cardboard box would do the exact same job to help you balance and extend your reach.As of right now noticing any changes is hard.  One thing I would recommend for people if they want to see results is to get a scale that measures body fat, and skeletal muscle.  Omron sells one that is pretty accurate and has a 90day memory that can help to track you progress through out the program.  Don't get discouraged if the pounds aren't just flying off.  At first you're building muscle, which is heavier than fat, so you might actually gain a couple pounds initially.  Over time, the increased muscle mass will have a higher caloric demand than your body did before and will consume more calories even while resting resulting in fat loss.  The key is to stick it out and keep working.  The way this program works is by keeping you in motion and working hard.  Any program saying you'll see overnight changes is a scam.  You have to work for your results just like everything else in live. I tend to steer away from infomercials, particularly the countless ones that promote exercise programs.  The repeated advertising of P90X led me to review it on Amazon and I was blown away by the volume of favorable ratings.  I'd echo the positive sentiments that I've found in those reviews.  I've been using this program for about 6 months and find that it has greatly increased my strength, endurance, flexibility, and balance.  I can achieve far more chin ups, comfortably lift heavier weights, stretch further, hold more difficult postures, and endure more reps than prior to using this product.As someone with a torn knee cartilage, I know the limits of what I can do and will ease up on a few of the aerobic moves.  The product is designed to allow you to take precautions when needed.  In fact, in each exercise regimen, you're exposed to people who work out at different levels of difficulty to help guide you to your comfort zone.I enjoy the workouts because the time commitment is reasonable (mostly 60 to 75 minutes a day).  Some of the exercises can be a bit intense but Tony has such a winning personality and great sense of humor that he makes it easy to get through each one.  I've been through each workout many times, but still manage to laugh at the same jokes from Tony.Hats off to Tony Horton and Beachbody for an outstanding exercise program. tl;dr Short Review: If you're willing to make the time commitment and try your best, I believe you'll get your money's worth and feel great using this program. I was seeing and feeling results as soon as 2 weeks in. By one month I was in the best shape of my life. The exercises are effective and varied. It stays interesting for your mind and challenging for your body. Tony Horton somehow manages not to be too irritating when you're working so hard that everything is irritating. When you start out you can modify the program and only do as much as you can, pausing to take breaks. But if you stick with it I bet you'll be surprised to see how quickly your body responds. Every day after the exercise you'll feel good about yourself. If you put in the work, this system is a great way to get in shape and feel strong and energetic, like Captain America, and you'll be living your best life as Oprah instructs us to do.Long Review:I have such awful memories of hating gym class that the last thing I have ever wanted to do as an adult is go to the gym. But I hit my late-20s and realized I was losing energy and slowly being killed by my computer chair. I decided it was time that I try to make some changes before I started to gain weight and get health problems.When I first heard of P90X I figured it would be a gimmick. I think it's fair to have a healthy skepticism of anything they try to sell you using TV or spandex. Then a girl I worked with (who was in killer shape and probably loved gym class) mentioned that she did P90X.  I decided to look into it some more, and this time I came to a different conclusion: no way could I ever do that! The program looked too intense, too difficult--something for tough gym-pumping people and not for a wimpy benchwarmer like me.Then this past January my brother-in-law decided to do P90X as a resolution to get fit. We'd see him once a week for dinner at our house and the transformation was absolutely incredible. I mean, holy cow. He went from being a string bean skinny dude to being cut.like.a.diahmond. As in, oh my god, flex your arms again. Are you kidding me right now.I think I thought fit people were just a certain breed of people, and you were either born that way or you weren't. Seeing my brother-in-law's transformation made me think that maybe I could actually do it, too. Maybe I could live my best life, as Oprah instructs us to do.My husband and I got the DVDs and we bought some dumbbells, yoga mats, and a pull-up bar. We made a calendar using the workout plan. We bought some protein powder to mix with almond milk (we didn't follow the P90X nutrition plan or do their Shakeology brand drink). We started doing the DVDs-- a different program each day for about an hour or a little over. Making the time commitment was difficult, but, as they say--those who don't find time for exercise will eventually have to find time for illness.The exercises are challenging, but you can modify and pause for breaks until you're fit enough to keep up. We definitely did. Even if you can't keep up, doing your best will make a difference. And it will kick your butt. I've never fallen down a flight of stairs but I think I can guess what that must feel like based off of how sore my body was after the first few days of the program. People make jokes about being sore in muscles they didn't know they have. Well, yes. But as much as I was sore, I actually felt amazing. Like Captain America probably felt pretty uncomfortable when they put him in that serum-injection machine to transform his body from puny to KA-POW, but then he got to make Tommy Lee Jones so proud wielding the mighty Bicep of Freedom to throat-punch national socialism in the face. Me, a person with muscles? Someone strong and energetic? I feel powerful and healthy and capable. And yes, you know what, it doesn't hurt that I'm looking pretty good, too.To extend the metaphor and to conclude, Tony Horton is my Oprah and my Tommy Lee Jones, because I'm living my best life and feeling like Captain America. You should see me carry home a 30 pound bag of dog food like it's NBD. What, I need to carry the vacuum upstairs? Boom! It's done. I feel strong and powerful and if my gym teacher could see me now I would nonchalantly walk past and say "I hope you don't have ophidiophobia, cause I've got two boa constrictors right here (flexes)". I think that's the best way I know to describe it. I bought this product after doing 5 months of Insanity and wanting to change up my routine a bit. It is great and I recommend it, but instead of saying what every other 5-star review says, I'll use this to give insight into specific questions I had when I was researching this product.1. INSANITY versus P90x:I rated both programs at 5-stars. I don't see one as better than the other; they're just different. Insanity requires no additional equipment, is more fast-paced, and the instructor (Shaun T) keeps you on the go constantly. Insanity as a program seems to be geared towards overall fitness and weight loss and is more cardio-intensive. Tony Horton and P90x is a bit more laid back in his approach. He makes terrible/funny jokes and goes at a slower, more methodical pace. These workouts appear to be more directed at muscle building.P90x does take it to a different level though. There are THREE different 90-day routines you can choose:Classic: Well rounded where weight training and cardio are balanced.Lean: More cardio/yoga.Doubles: Essentially, you do the Classic routine then come back and do a cardio.I am currently doing "Classic" for a variety of reasons.2. Equipment:The only equipment you absolutely NEED are the bands. You do not NEED the pull-up bar because you can mimic the same movements with the bands as long as you can attach them somewhere overhead. You can substitute the bands with dumbbells, but then you'd need a pull-up bar. I'm 6'4" and weigh in at around 260, so the pull-up bar they market is not really a good fit for me because most of the doors in my house are 7". I'm currently debating putting an actual bar up in my garage and hanging it from the ceiling.In the debate over bands vs. pull-up bars, I'd recommend the bar because you get a better workout.3. Time:Insanity workouts start out at around 42 minutes the first month, then go on to roughly 60 minutes the second month. ALL P90x workouts are around 60 minutes long, with the exception of the Ab routine (16 minutes) that you have to do 3x/week following some of the workouts (they're on those discs so you don't have to change them out, unlike Insanity where the Ab disc is separate). The Yoga routine, which is the Day 4 "break" workout, is around 90 minutes.I personally find yoga boring, but it is an amazing workout and helped with my flexibility.4. Results:What results you get will be directly proportionate to what you put in. That's true with anything in life. With P90x (and Insanity), all you have to do is pop in the DVD, press play, and follow what they do. As Tony Horton says: "Just do your best and forget the rest."That being said, there are no shortcuts. Lose the word "skinny" from your vocabulary and replace it with "fit." If you want to get fit, get P90x and/or Insanity and stay away from those infomercials that promise "quick results" and claim you can lose 60 pounds by only doing 5 minutes per day (which is impossible). Getting fit requires a certain amount of dedication. Just give this program two honest weeks and you WILL start seeing results...then you'll learn a whole new meaning to the term "motivation."I think I covered everything I meant to. If you have any specific questions about the programs that I didn't cover, just respond to this review and I'll hopefully get back to you soon. This review is specific to the workout dvds only. I bought a used set and it did not come with the nutrition guide or exercise planner -- however I have gone online seeking info that would be included in those resources, so I do suggest buying the whole program.They did an excellent job designing P90X, where it whips about every square inch of your body into better shape... the workouts hit pretty much every angle of every muscle. And it works fast! Today is day 48 for me -- after the 30-day mark, I was completely sold! I intend to continue switching it up over the long haul instead of just for 90 days. My strength has increased dramatically and overall toning happens quickly; I still haven't lost a whole lot of weight (8lbs) but that will come over time! As mentioned, I didn't have the nutrition guide to follow -- I have just chosen better foods, paid attention to overall caloric intake, and I use regular protein powder to supplement.I spent several years with the Army and then had 3 cesareans in 3 years' time, and now this at-home program has me in the best shape of my life -- the military is not the only place you can find a physical challenge, and mommies, you do not have to give up core strength just because you've had your abs cracked open a few times! 5 stars is probably a short-sale, in my opinion -- this series is simple, effective, engaging, and challenging, with enough variety to make commitment easy. And by "simple" I mean that anyone can understand how to do it and be very successful, but it is definitely not EASY physically. FIRSTLY, i want to say that i've gotten through 3 weeks of this program and I am completely addicted! I am a girl, and a major girly girl at that, and i still love these. I know a lot of women have been worried they cannot handle it, but you can!!! it definitely kicks my butt, but i just pause the dvd whenever i am out of breathe and need a longer break. i do every single rep that the people on the t.v do, just with longer breaks. Before 3 weeks ago i couldn't do a single pushup (yes i know i have absolutely NO upper body strength, but now i can keep up with the people better. i can do 20 pushups in a row without stopping, which is saying something for weak armed me!ALSO, most importantly, i purchased this product used from amazon for only $60!!!! and guess what? the used dvd's work perfectly. i got the nutrition guide, calendar, and all the workout dvd's and they all play great! so for people saying they don't want to purchase these because they are too expensive, buy them used from a trusted seller here on amazon! i'm so glad i did that because i'm a broke college student and don't have $100-150 to afford these at regular price.FINALLY, i absolutely love this workout program for 5 reasons:1) i can wear my pajamas to workout. i use to hate going to the gym because i was always so worried about how i looked and how others looks that it was hard for me to concentrate.2) i was afraid to push myself to hard at the gym for fear of messing up or people judging me for my small sized weights, but now i workout in my basement and can act and look like an idiot while i do these videos which is amazing! (i play club music during them so during the 30 breaks i am dancing and jamming to the music haha)3) i HATE the cold and winter, so i use to hate leaving my house and having to endure the cold to get to the gym. but now i can stay inside my nice warm house and workout without being cold :)4) I am a night owl and always do my P90X at 11 at night, so this is a huge bonus that i can do these videos anytime. yet another reason why i hated the gym: i don't like working out during the day and i love sleeping in too much to ever wake up early for a workout.5) Most every workout is only an hour and considering i am a full time student and have a full time job it gets pretty difficult for me to find time to workout, but since the videos are only 1 hour, i find it easy to always find the time at night to workout!yes i realize the above statements probably make me seem ridiculous, but i don't care, just more proof why these videos work so well. after 3 weeks i already feel stronger, my endurance is wayyy up and i feel healthier and happier :)hope this helps anyone who has any doubts!i was the queen of doubts, but now they are all gone thanks to the amazing epic P90X!!! I purchased this P90x kit in December of 2014 as part of a new year's goal to get back some fitness that I lost following an arm injury in the fall of 2014. I've always been very active, but have never done any kind of home DVD exercise program.What you get : included with this order was the DVD set of 12 separate workouts, nutrition plan booklet, exercise program booklet, and tracking sheets and a calendar.The workout plan is outlined in detail in the exercise booklet, which I found to be very helpful. It includes several variations of workout cycles to choose from. This includes the standard P90x classic program, as well as a cardio-focused option, and a "2 a day" workout option. In the booklet is also included a written summary of each workout DVD, including a detailed description of each specific exercise, from the warm-up all the way through the cool-down. This was helpful to me, as I like to look ahead to see which exercises are upcoming over the course of the workout, and I would often work out in a room which was too noisy to hear the instructions that Tony Horton was giving during the session.Not included with this set are any actual pieces of exercise equipment. For me, this was not a big deal as I already had most of what I needed.Necessary equipment needed for this program: pull-up bar (doorway variety or free-standing), and several different weights of dumbbells (typically in 5 pound increments). You can easily substitute exercise bands for the dumbbells, as this could be a nice money-saving and space-saving option. I personally prefer the free weights, but my wife likes the bands for certain exercises.Additional optional equipment: push-up bars, push-up floor sliders. Push-up bars are helpful if you have wrist or hand problems that prevent you from doing a push-up with the palm flat on the floor. Bars are not absolutely necessary, in my opinion, as I personally prefer doing knuckle push-ups, but you can also just use the dumbbells as a push-up bar on the floor.As for the specific workouts, each of them has a specific focus and has its own strengths and weaknesses. I personally really liked all of the strength workouts. They are very simple, but effective. The plyometrics workout is also very good. I used to despise yoga, but really like this workout, and have seen some huge improvements in my flexibility since beginning. The kenpo workout is actually kind of fun as well. The only one I didn't really care for a whole lot was the cardio workout. I just felt like there are a number of other ways I can get a good cardio workout that were more effective than this one.As to the nutrition program, it seems like a pretty good system, but I admittedly didn't follow it beyond a week or two. The recipes that I tried were good and easy to make, but with young kids around who don't like those kinds of foods, it was tough having to basically prepare two meals every day. I personally chose to simply count calories via a separate smartphone app.I just finished the entire 13 week program this last week. I was pretty motivated, and only missed one or two days the entire time. I saw some huge improvements in my body composition as well as my overall fitness levels. I lost 16 pounds of body weight in the 13 weeks, which was close to my goal of 19-20 pounds. I saw my pull-ups go from a max of 3 to a max of 16. Push-ups went from a max of 35 to a max of 75. I also supplemented my P90x workouts with running and cycling several days per week and saw some good performance improvements in each of those sports as a result of my overall increase in strength.I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of the workouts and with the system in general. So much so, that I re-started the program again last night, just 1 day after completing the original 13 weeks! I purchased P90X a few years ago and am still using it.  At the beginning I followed the program to a "T", but later realized, after getting into shape, that I only needed to play the specific DVD workout I was interested in that specific day.  So now I use it to maintain what gains I made, and in that capacity it is worth its weight in gold.  I combine P90X with Insanity workouts, which only enhances the P90X workout.  P90X focuses on strength building while sprinkling cardio in the non muscle building days. While Insanity focuses on cardio with resistance training sprinkled in.  So I play to their specific strengths: on strength building days I use P90x, and on cardio days I use Insanity.  Enjoy... After carefully completing P90X Classic and then P90X plus, I agree with all the positive reviews. There is no false advertising here, except for the assertion that you can finish these workouts in an hour (1 hour, 10 minutes is average). I found I got over the initial soreness in about 2-3 weeks. However, even after that, you go into each workouts knowing that you will be in some discomfort. Nevertheless, if you get through the program, I couldn't imagine not getting positive results. At age 48, my wife was amazed at what I looked like, and all those little aches and pains went away! While I only lost 15 pounds (I was not overweight before I started), the additional strength, flexibility, and endurance have stayed with me for several months after completing my six months of the program.  I was a bit skeptical when I purchased this workout system, because I have a bad knee and shoulder.  I didn't think I would be able to stick with it, or see results like they show.  I have been using the program for just over 45 days, and the results so far are amazing!  It is very easy to modify the program. In the beginning, I couldn't do a single pull up. I would run out of strength after 15 seconds in each move, but Tony Horton(the trainer) motivates you.  He tells you its OK to take a break, then get back into it. Now I last thru the entire routines! If I can do it you can do it!! My husband is 66 and I am 52. We are both in pretty good shape for our age. We have been very active and worked out with weights. We needed a routine that would shake things up and be something we can do indoors. This was it.We were VERY sore in the beginning. It has been three weeks. We still can't complete each video, except the Cardio X and ABX, but we keep improving each video. They totally kick you in the butt! I believe this program is going to help us stay agile and fit well into old age with the added benefit of improving our looks. too! I have been a "gym rat" for some years and have used a number of different trainers in my life. I have done some hard core training over the years and I can tell you without question this is one of the best fitness systems you will ever use.Muscle confusion is the key here. Even if you go to the gym often I suggest you use this series to really move your body to a new level of fitness. This is a can't miss and you will never get bored with it but you will get sore with it! I just completed 90 days and lost 16 pounds utilizing the P90X program.  I could write so much about this program but the bottom line is this--it is hard as hell but worth it.  If you follow the program, really commit to it, you will see impressive results.  I am 45 years old and have not been in this shape since high school.  In addition to the increase in my general fitness and cardio levels, the thing that impressed me the most about the program is the emphasis on balance, flexibility, and coordination.  These are aspects missing from most programs but are at the core of the P90X program.  This may not seem important to those in their 20's, but as you get older these are critical areas.  Do one Yoga session and you will see--you will hate it at first but love it by the end.  With respect to equipment I highly recommend investing in a set of PowerBlock adjustable dumbbells.  When I first started the program I tried both the BowFlex Selecteck and the Gold's Gym 50 pound adjustables.  Both are nice but pale in comparison to the PowerBlocks.  The other two models were just too long to do many of the key exercises utilized in the P90X routines.  Because of their static, long handle length no matter how much weight was used, I ended up hitting my sides, head, etc. while doing exercises.  The PowerBlocks, in contrast, are only as long as the weight you use and even if you put on the full 50 pounds they are considerably shorter than the other two models.  There are quite a few PowerBlock models but I ended up buying the Classic 50 model from Sports Chalet for $299 + the fold-up stand ($59).  The disadvantage to this model is that it is not upgradable, but the advantage for P90X is that they do not use the adder weights in the handle and every weight change is exactly 5 pounds.  This makes for very fast weight changes, which are necessary given the pace of the P90X routines.  At first I was worried that 50 pounds would not be enough weight, but again, given the pace of the P90X routines, your arms will be so weak within 10 minutes the only exercise the average guy would need more that 50 pounds with is perhaps the "lawnmower."  Just my two cents.  Overall this program is well thought out, effective, and worth the price.  Commit to 90 days of hard work and you will not regret it. I have to say, this is HARD. I'm not saying I cant do the workouts (and I just had a baby 4 months ago), or even that someone who is in worse shape than me cant do them. It is so hard to stick with it! After 2 weeks I was exhausted. I tried to do p90x Lean. The hardest part was finding the time. Being a mother of 2 kids, one 4 months old, just being able to get through one of the videos is a miracle. I found myself doing a lot of fastforwarding from set to set and through Tonys little "talks". Cutting it from the 50 minutes its supposed to be to about 40. Just trying to get it done before the baby wakes or I have to pickup my daughter. I really enjoyed core synergistics and plyometrics the most. I also really liked the concentrated legs back arms and chest sequences. I can only do one pullup so I was using resistance bands for that and got very good results. My arms were more toned (my fiance noticed also, not just me), but I was using 5, 10 and sometimes 15 lb. weights also for the arms and shoulders. I never got a chance to do ab ripper x because my abs still need to heal fully (from the pregnancy) before I work them into submission! However, my 4 year old daughter did it.. the whole thing! No, her form was not perfect, but she stuck with it and completed the whole 16 minutes, doing her best. I didnt have to do ab ripper to have sore abs though. Almost every day, especially after core I felt soreness in my abs, my obliques and lower. I really liked that, not many times in the past have I felt soreness in my lower abs, especially without actually doing ab workouts. I was kinda stuck at around 138 lbs. since the baby and after just 1 week of this (lean), I lost 5 lbs. Thats pretty good. I know thats not much to some people, but I am a small person. My normal weight is 111-114 lbs. I also have a very high metabolism, so once I started I was eating more than usual. I think my biggest problem was time (not enough) and not getting enough sleep.So, as for me, I will try again (and will post another review when I have completed it). If you are thinking about purchasing this, you have to also DO IT. So if you are one of those people that think cutting all carbs from your diet or taking a pill or eating nothing but bacon is going to get you in shape, dont even think about starting this until you have the right frame of mind. Because that is what it will take. You will have to eat right (LOTS of complex carbs) and take care of yourself, because you will be literally working your ass off (thats just after 2 weeks!). You will love the results (a happier you!) if you actually follow the schedule and nutrition plan. I hope I was helpful to anyone interested. Good luck! P90X has completely changed my life. I had never seriously worked out in my whole life, so the most important thing I learned from P90X is the attitude to bring to a workout. It has allowed me to push to my limits without ever suffering an injury unlike every other intense workout I have taken up after completing P90X. At the time I started P90X I was at my all time high weight and extremely out of shape. I'm 6'1" I was 29, I weighed 193, I struggled curling 10lbs for the bicep videos, and I could barely run a mile. Now I'm 30, I weigh 176, I use 35lbs for curls on my way to my goal of 50, and my farthest run is 7.5 miles on my way to a half marathon. I love the variety and diversity of workouts because you can target any area or goal. I don't believe I could have stuck with any other program, this one just worked for me. When I went to the gym, I mostly used machines for weight training.  Now I use P90x mostly as a guide on how to use dumbbells for a full body workout, and to that end it delivers very well.I also bought this because I didn't like commuting to the gym.  In college I could just walk a couple hundred feet to a massive gym.  In the work world, I was going home after work, resting a bit, and then commuting to a gym.  The actual time needed to get to and from the gym was ~40 minutes.  Now I spend a little bit more than that time doing a far more effective and efficient workout at home any time of the day without paying for any membership or waiting in lines for other people to finish.It is a fantastic product, but a few things the P90X ads are distorting:1.  You really need an array of individual dumbbells for whatever satisfies your needs.  For me, I got a pair of 5, 8, 10, 15, 20, 25, and 30 lbs.  Expect to spend ~$200-300.Bands just don't cut it.Nor do adjustable weight dumbbells because these workouts are fast paced.  You'll be doing dozens of sets within 45 minutes where different weights will be needed as soon as every 30 seconds.2.  You aren't going to get as fit as the people in the videos in 3 months.  But using these workouts with absolute dedication for 9 months I wager you could.3.  The cardio workouts are a bit goofy.  Plyo is indeed intense and noisy.  For apartment dwellers like myself, I rather jump on my elliptical trainer for an hour and watch TV. I've been using this workout program for several years.  I've tried numerous programs, but always come back to this one.  This is the only one that I see effective results in fat burn and muscle building.  I don't follow the diet plan because I have my own plan that works for me, but I love the diverse workouts and routine this offers. Had bad knees, tired, felt like crap.  After just one week of P90X I was running around with my kids, feeling great. I never hit that 2:30pm wall at work, or felt tired during the day. It has only been three weeks since I started and I am in the best shape I have been in 15 years. Just stick too it and you will feel the same. Listen, for all the non-believers in P90x please adhere to this review. I have done Insanity 3X and lost about 40lbs. I gained about 15lbs back during a difficult stretch but now am back on the wagon with P90X. I just began month 2 and I can see and feel results. I am down 10lbs and a bunch of inches since I began. You will feel your body begin to tighten, your clothes will start to loosen, and you will be energized! The most important thing is that you commit and do your best every time you do the workout. If you play around with the diet and eat garbage your results will be compromised. I DO NOT follow the meal plan but I eat HEALTHY and avoid nasty foods (processed, fast food, greasy food, excess salt, sugar, etc) I am excited about month 2 and I EXPECT to lose another 10lbs and then some because I feel the weight is about to start melting off. I can see muscle definition everywhere and yes P90X is the real deal. I still like Insanity and may substitute some of the cardio when I get to month 3 just to add to the muscle confusion, however the core synergistics DVD reminds me of an insanity workout due to its intensity. Anyone who does the program faithfully and eats clean WILL reap the benefits of this program. I plan to do two more rounds as soon as I finish this one because I could only imagine what my month 1 progress multiplied by 9 will look like. Also important is the mental clarity you will have because you will be forced to balance your life around the workout and diet which helps keep the brain focused on what's important.  I am a former college athlete and this program rivaled some of my preseason workouts.Keep in mind (not cons):1. You get out of it what you put into it. It's a complete lifestyle change. You'll need to block off about an hour and a half a day (give or take depending on the DVD and if you're doing abs) in order for it to work.2. Diet is just as important as exercise. You can do the whole program and eat poorly and not get the results that you desire.3. I did the Classic version and then the Lean version. I am not a big fan of the Lean version, I feel like I plateaued with that one. IF you are struggling with the Classic version, start with the Lean. If you can do the Classic I wouldn't recommend the Lean. That's just my experience.Pros:1. I never get bored because there are so many DVDs, and they rotate so frequently.2. It's not that expensive when you compare it to gym membership. I paid about $200 for the DVDs, weights, yoga mat, and chin up bar, but I'm done shelling out money. If I were to go to a gym, I'd be paying monthly.3. There's a variety of ways to do each different exercise so you can increase difficulty as you get stronger.4.  It works! I did the Classic version first and saw great results.Overall, I recommend it to everyone I know. This would be better if there were a way to do it in my sleep!  Lol. This program will kick your butt, but that IS what you want it to do, right?  It hasn't killed me yet, there have been mornings after that I wished for death, but that is due to my overwhelming sissy factor ;). The price that I paid on Amazon for this was very reasonable, and it is great for getting in shape IF you USE it!  My 16 year old daughter has suggested that Tony Horton is the devil after some of the work outs, I would say only a lesser demon- but it does work! Like many others that have tried this program, you will get out what you put in.What you can expect:  A well developed program that anyone can do in their own home.  I like how you can do it at your own pace.  The included diet plan is good, but I used it more as a guide and created my own meal plan based off of it.  When I first started, I wanted to quit because it was so thought, but again you go at your own pace, comfort level, so eventually my body got used to the beating this program gave it.  After finishing one round of the program, I reviewed my results and was very impressed, so I went on to another round.Bottom line:A great program if you stick to it as well as the diet outline. I have completed 10 weeks of p90x lean. When I started I weighed 187 pounds and had a 34 inch waist. Not I am weight 175 pounds and have a 32 inch waste. I got these results even though I ignored the nutrition plan and took a day off here and there. The thing about this program is that it is all about putting forth the effort. For instance, to this day, I can only do 1 pull up without the aid of the chair. I don't quit after doing the 1 pull up. I do another 14 pull ups using the a chair for help. Instead of all the different variations of push ups done in the program, I just did regular push ups using my knees instead of my feet. Most, if not all, of the exercises can be modified to your physical abilities and it's ok to skip the really difficult stuff (crane).I give p90x 5 stars because it provides me with an exercise routine that provides with results. Prior to p90x, I was skinny fat. All I did was run and this led to skinny legs and arms while having a beer belly. Now, I have definition in my arms and calves and my upper abs are starting to appear from underneath the disappearing belly fat.Update: I have completed all 13 weeks. Near the end it was difficult not to quit. I noticed how annoying Tony can be when he speaks and his jokes get old really fast. I'm a bit OCD and it really bothered me that he would not spend equal amounts of time on each side when doing exercises. This is obvious in yoga. Now that I have completed the program, I still do the videos but every 2-3 days instead of everyday. I'll alternate between cardio, kenpo, and core synergistics. By doing so, I have kept my weight at a constant 175 just like I want it. It also allows me to do others activities such as jogging and biking which I missed a lot while completing my 13 weeks. Not that all the reviews haven't already covered it, but it works and maintains.I highly recommend doing the diet with the program.  You need the amount of protein it recommends, otherwise you will be too sore the following day to effectively do the workout.  I treated it like it was a 3 month program I had to just do and it is still paying off over 6 months later.  I was semi-in shape going into it, but needed to seriously tone.  As a girl, I was 136lbs/size 8.  I am now 123lbs/size 4.  I have not continued the program as I feel it's good to mix it up and it's difficult to commit to exercise over an hour a day/6 days a week and have a social life.  So now I'm in party mode, then will start back up in Feb for another 3 months.  Currently, I simply run and do about 2-3 of the DVDs per week (legs, yoga, plyo)and I have been able to maintain this weight.  Can't wait to see what kind of results I get from round 2.  So yes, it's hard, but it's doable, and you will learn tips on eating that will help you continue to succeed without 'dieting'.  I never felt like I was on a diet - if you like to cook, it's easy to figure out meals to bring flavor without all the calories and fat. You just need to plan your meals for the week, track each days total in advance and then stick to it.  If you love grilling - that's my #1 solution to tasty food without the calories. This is definitely NOT for beginners or people with little athletic experience- I found that out the hard way. But I loved loved loved it! Its intense, its paced -it's worth every penny. I actually decided to make fitness a lifestyle after P90X... After all, I didn't sweat for an hour a day for nothing! P90X is a great workout.  It is intense and it works.  After the first two weeks I lost 8 pounds and saw significant gains in stamina, weights I was using, and the number of reps I was able to complete.  These work outs are intense, but they work.  The encouragement they give you in the videos helps push you along and motivate you.  5 Stars, it works. I have been a gym rat for years, just grinding out the same ole weight training and cardio routines and P90X has turned out to be a refreshing but challenging new exercise routine. I have tried a number of different programs over the past 20 plus years and I've got to say this has been the most enjoyable, yet challenging one yet. I am 30 days into this program and already feel and see a significant, positive difference in my body. I'm very excited about continuing on through the next two phases of the program. I highly recommend this program for anyone who feels they have hit a plateau in their training and are looking to shake things up bit!! Bar non the best work out program I've ever done. I ended up losing 30 pounds off the scale and much more if you consider how much muscle I gained as well. The fat really did melt off. Tony is very likable and pushes just enough and not too much at the same time. You really do hit all your body parts through out the week. Started using this product this week and am completely sore in places that haven't been sore in 15 years. The workouts are excellent and difficult but not impossible if you are in decent shape. I have been going to the gym for a long time and had been so bored with my routines. I wanted a way to increase my flexibility and strength (not just the appearence of strength). I would strongly recommend this product to anyone that has hit a plateau and needs to get off. Tony does a good job of keeping it interesting, at times I feel like I am being trained by Ace Ventura.Worth every penny.  P90X is an awesome program!  I have thought about purchasing in the past, but did not pull the trigger.  I was able to get in on the 2015 New Year's Eve sale and I am very glad I did!  After doing cardio only on a treadmill for many years, I wanted to mix up my routine with some strength training.  I was impressed that I was able to hit my heart rate zones during all the workouts (Except Yoga).  It is a bit of a challenge to get the 60-80min a day of routines for 6 days a week, but I am making it work.  It also comes with a nutrition guide that provides a tone of information on what to eat during the 90 day program.  I found helpful to use myfitnesspal to track my food intake to stay on track.  The program does say you have to just keep pushing play, but it will do nothing for you if you just sit on the couch and watch it.  You do have to put the work in!  P90X has a list of supplements and bars for pre, post, and snack options to help with the nutrition.  I thought they were a bit pricy, so i did some research and came up with some more reasonable options that are working for me.  As for equipment, I did need to purchase an exercise mat, pull up bar, resistance bands, and some additional dumbbells. Overall, I am very happy with the kit and will be looking at others from beach body when i have completed my 90 day P90X program! This program is the real deal. I have been doing P90X for 30 days now (Just finishing phase 1) and I can clearly see results! I am almost addicted! It's fun, and hard. Don't be surprised, the workouts are tough, they will drain you, this is the real thing. If you are not willing to push through pain, this is not the workout for you. But, if you are, if you are ready to do your best (regardless of what that is) and push until you can push no further, than P90X is the program for you. I used to think I was fairly in shape, HA, then I did Plyometircs. I used to think Yoga was for sissies, then I did yoga X. This program will change your perception of fitness.The diet guide is essetial to the program. You can pump as much iron and burn as many calories as you want, but if your not putting the right fuel into your body you will not see the results you are looking for. P90X is much more than a workout. It is a way of life. It is a commitment to change the way you do things in every aspect of your life. To "Do your best, and forget the rest" as is repeated over and over in the DVD's. I love it, and i hope you do too! Buy p90x and change your life! Stop eating crap you know is bad for you, start respecting yourself and work out for about an hour a day and you wil be as shocked as I was.  I'm 65 days in and have lost 30lbs already and am starting to get cut. Your looking for a reason that you already know the answer to. Just pull the trigger and in 3 months you will be a new person... No b.s.its hard but it works! As a 26yr old never thought I was that big until I started seeing pictures of myself.  It was bad lets just say.  I weighed in at 232lbds and none of my clothes would fit me.  I decided to give this a shot as I know I would not be around others when working out.  This program is no walk in the park.  However I started noticing the difference within a week or two and by day 40 I really started noticing the difference.  Just finished the program and have lost 5.5inches off my waist and 27lbds!!  It works as long as you follow the diet and the workout.  Have not felt this good in years and plan to not stop. Going to start the 90 days all over again!!!  Thank You P90X!!!! Vince Gironda. Tom Venuto. Jon Benson. Skip Lacour. The guys at Ast-SS who created the incredible Max-OT workouts. Billy Blanks. Richard Simmons. Entirely too many people on [...]. Countless others. People who range from knowing a little to haven forgotten more than 99% of us will ever know about fitness. I've spent years reading most of them, watching some who had something on film, following the best routines and generally enjoying the journey to looking and feeling great.And then I fell completely out of shape due to some medical issues, and now in an effort to get back to where I want to be, I've fallen in the crowd (more than 2 million, if the numbers are right) who've given P90x a chance.I wanted to make sure I've mentioned a number of people before, because I've literally followed the best and worst that the professional fitness world has to offer, and I have never come across a personality that I like as much as Tony Horton, and that is hugely important in wanting to follow workout videos. Tony Horton is infectious, his easy sense of humor and ability to stay positive and talkative while doing these intense workouts somehow makes you want to keep going, and keep coming back for those full 90 days. His knowledge, and concern in making sure you're doing the workouts right without going too far, or possibly injuring yourself by doing it wrong, makes you confident that he knows what he's doing.These workouts will wear you down, tear you up, make you nauseous at times, have you sweating buckets, and then build you back up again into something glorious.The DVDs cost a lot of money. The equipment costs more. Any of these may help out with that:PowerBlock Classic Adjustable 5 to 45-Pounds per Dumbbell SetPowerBlock Personal Trainer Adjustable 2.5 to 50-Pounds per Dumbbell SetPowerBlock SportBlock 24 Adjustable 3 to 24-Pounds per Dumbbell SetI have the 2.5-50 pound set, and I consider it the best purchase of weights I've ever made. I've had Olympic barbell sets, full exercise machines from Weider, the similiar dumbbells from Sears, you name it. The Powerblocks really are a complete dumbbell set of just about all possible weights in one. They do cost a lot though, so you'll have to compare whether they're cheaper than any alternative you're looking at.I love these workouts. Tony Horton is a blast to watch. It's worth the money, it's worth the time, it's worth the effort, it's worth the cost of all the extra crap you may have to buy to do this.The beautiful thing is, you progress so much through these 90 days, that you can go back all the way to the beginning and do it all over again with the same intensity as the people on these DVDs. Replay value is huge. And that makes it beautiful value for money.I couldn't possibly recommend this any higher. Would highly recommend to anyone.  I am almost 50 with emphysema and am in the best shape of my life.  I can't even make it through the whole routine but get stronger each and every week. Get it and it will change your life! I was watching Leno last night and the new Old Spice guy stays in shape with P90X. I'm a 32 year old male and i've been working out consistently for about 14 years now. I've been through the mill as far as different work-outs go with each slightly different than the other...then came P90X!!!Today is Day 24 of the 90 day program and I am absolutely without a doubt in the best shape of my life..period! This work-out will push you above and beyond barriers you've never even seen before. Tony Horton is "The Man" and keeps pushing you to squeeze out every last ounce of juice you have to offer.There are a ton of new moves i've never even seen before in addition to the entire Yoga work-out.Here's what you'll need to get started:Yoga MatYoga BlockDumbbells or bandsPull-Up Bar (I recommend "The Iron Gym Ultimate Upper Body Work-out Bar")Heart Rate Monitor (I'm getting by without this)P90X Recovery DrinkThere's one last thing i'd like to add. I started this work-out in above average shape. I had been working out regularly for at least 6 months leading up to the program. The first week of P90X was by far the hardest week of my life. Half way through Yoga on Day 4 I wanted to throw in the towel...but I didn't...and every subsequent week has gotten a little easier as i've become more flexible and stronger. If you can somehow battle through that first week, then you'll be well on your way to transforming your body into a Greek God. Be sure to keep that in mind as you prepare for the challenge.DO YOUR BEST AND FORGET THE REST...BRING IT!!!-John Hedgepeth I am a 40 year old woman who is in very decent shape.  I work out at least 5-8 hours a week.  This was the best exercise videos I've ever bought and I have about 250 from the Firm to Jillian Michaels.What I like about Tony is that he is funny and that keeps you motivated.  He also offers options for those who may not be able to do some of the outrageous moves yet.I can't wait to complete this set and buy the new P90x 2.I highly recommend. I am 49 yrs old. I started this plan to increase my overall fitness which I thought was decent. I was running a few miles every other day and lifting weights 4 times a week at the gym. I would occasionally go to a yoga class and I did very little stretching. This program kicked my butt!! I did the first section, (it's divided in 3 sections), for 2 extra weeks because it took that long to even get through the daily workouts.Now, I am done with the 90 days. I get through the workouts completely and with good form throughout. I am approaching 50 in the best shape of my life, (my goal). I lost 32 lbs and 8 inches in my hips yet gained 4 inches in my chest. My running has improved thanks to the increased leg and core strength. I am regularly running 6 miles every other day with 12-15 mile Sunday runs.I am taking 2 weeks off then going into p90x2. If you are thinking of doing an exercise program I highly recommend it. It's like having Jack La Lane in your living room. P90X: Tony Horton's 90-Day Extreme Home Fitness Workout DVD ProgramWe bought these DVDs (used) after our nephew brought them for us to use.  My husband and I thought we were in reasonable shape.  NOT SO!  These excercises are not for the faint of heart but soooo amazing if you are willing to put in the work.What is amazing, is my husband is starting to get normal movement back in a knee where he requires surgery!How is this possible?  He does the exercises on "super lite" version.  He carefully listens to his body and every day he (although sometimes painful)is seeing more and more muscle growth and is doing amazing!I may actually get my husband back to hiking with me again.Ok => I am a jogger / cross trainer.  THESE exercises are amazing and man I was out of shape!  I love the 12 different kinds of DVDs which work on different muscles groups.If you are around 50 years old...you are just not as flexible anymore.  This workout will be a huge help!  I am still not able to do the max 58 minute work outs...but do more everyday.So be patient!  Take a day off when you body says its enough...My hubby and I get a kick of out it now...still grown on some of the exercises.  Starting to look good.  Note:  We are not doing any of the other program e.g. nutrition etc but may look into it.Do it because you want to be more fit!  If you are careful, and keep trying you may find you are doing things you havent done in year!  Its worth it!!!!Important note: there are a ton of complaints regarding the quality of the DVDs, I don't know how they managed it but they are extremely poor quality. Even though mine are hardly used they are already skipping. The good news is they are not copy protected so can be copied using Nero, so if you own this or plan on buying them it's important that you make and use a copy not the orginal.  My wife and I did this program together and LOVED IT! We each met our weight loss goals and ended up being in better shape than we have been in a LONG time. Some people think Tony Horton is a little corny, but both my wife and I enjoyed his goofy humor and enthusiasm. BACKGROUNDI am a disabled veteran that was recently medically retired from the military. In the few months that I have been out of the service, I will sadly admit I have reached a sad level of physical condition that the service took ten years to help me achieve.With my physical disabilities and my lack of physical fitness, I attempted to join a gym to get back in shape. Unfortunately, I found I lacked the motivation on my own. I needed assistance through direction and coaching as well as the feeling I was doing exercises as a group.Enter P90x.After using this program, though, I realized the investment was worth every penny because I was actually investing in myself. I lost over 18 pds, 2 inches off my waist, yet bulked up at the same time and have a nice, lean, muscular body. I feel a lot better both physically and mentally and am not afraid to be in a swimsuit anymore nor nude in front of my wife.PACKAGINGInside the package are the DVDs that you will be watching and exercising to on a daily basis, a fold out chart showing you the different phases and programs available, as well as detailed book on eating the proper Diet. Yes, one of the biggest portions of success under the P90X is the proper diet. If you are not eating the proper meals, you will not be giving your body the proper nutrients to lose weight as well as develop the muscles, which you will, following this program.USEAGEBefore using this program, you should be in some type of shape. There is a test in the included booklet that helps to determine what level you are at. My recommendation is that you do some push ups, pull ups, sit ups, and some type of cardio exercise for a few weeks prior to get the full amount of usage out of P90X as well as prepare you for your first round.The P90x is a program that is done on a daily basis for around an hour a day, sometimes less, sometimes more. This means that the program requires true dedication as you really cannot miss any days. Also, you need to follow the diet or, at the very least, be eating healthy as well at the same time.You cannot cheat yourself. If you cheat yourself on this program by quitting early or not pushing yourself like you are suppose to, you will not get the results you desired which made you purchase the program in the first place.The program does require some additional items. You need some of the following:* resistance bands* chin up bar* dumb bell weights either dial-a-weight or variable weightsP90X OR INSANITY PROGRAMIf your goal is to build muscle, then P90x is your program. If your sole goal is to lose weight, then Insanity is your program. Yes you may and, chances are, will, lose weight with P90X but the P90X focus is more on strength training while Insanity is focused more on cardio exercises and burning more calories which can, and does, lead to greater weight loss.The most important aspect of both programs, though, is the diet portion as well as not cheating yourself by actually pushing yourself to its limits and beyond.CUSTOMER SUPPORTThere is a number you can call as well as an extensive forum with other participants of P90X that you can communicate with as well as encourage through the different phases and rounds of P90XPROS:++ It produces results advertised as long as you follow directions and push yourself++ Package is well organized as well as routines and program.CONS:++ Requires around 1+ hrs a day, everyday, for 90 days++ Requires some equipment such as dumbbells, pull up bar, or resistant bands to be effectiveCONCLUSION:This program is well worth the investment. Some individuals state it is too expensive. I have to ask, what is your health worth to you? After seeing the results appear after only the first two to three weeks, I realized that I AM WORTH EVERY PENNY. THis program is highly recommended for anyone that wants to improve their strength and muscle mass. P90X is the 90-day weight lifting program developed by Beach Body to get your body into incredible shape. This program focuses on strength training rather than endurance training, which you will get from the other Beach Body product, Insanity. The videos are hosted by Tony Horton, who is very entertaining and an excellent motivator. He will guide you through every exercise and give you tips as you perform the exercises. The tips will generally focus on proper form, but also on how to get better for the next time you perform the exercise. The exercises in the first month are not particularly challenging to perform, but the challenge comes in deciding whether you are going for strength or lean. The exercises you will be performing the most throughout all of the videos are pull-ups and chin-ups, which are very demanding on the body from both a strength perspective and an endurance perspective. I couldn't do a single pull-up with good form before I started P90X and now I can perform them with ease.Tony's most helpful tips in all of P90X are that when weight lifting, you must "forget your ego" and "do your best, forget the rest".  These slogans can be applied to not just weight lifting, but many challenges that you are presented with in life.Pros:Very helpful instructorGood program2nd Month is very challengingGreat resultsCons:Cardio is lacking, might want to substitute some cardio in somewhere else if you like to do cardio. I used to be 5'5'' 140 lbs and, over the years, i've really let myself go and reached 203 lbs. At that point, I really wanted to change. So I first did jillian Michaels' 30 day shred before starting P90X and oh boy this workout is kicking my butt. I think doing the 30 shred really first really helped with just overall preparedness (especially for a couch potato like me). P90X is pretty doable and i'm shedding weight like i've never before. I'm roughly sticking to the meal plan and I think portion control is really the primary reason why i'm losing all this weight.I've read the comments about how some people don't like how Tony Horton talks. I personally find it funny and entertaining. I'd even go as far as to say i like it more the Jillian's soothing, encouraging voice. I am so impressed with this system my husband and I both started it a month ago and I am so impressed. Neither of us wanted to lose weight we just want to gain muscle and tone our bodies. I just had a baby last year and though I lost the baby weight I still looked and felt a little doughy so after about a month of research into this program and the insanity we decided on the P90X I am so glad I did. Tony Horton is very passionate and upbeat without being annoying like many other workout video people are! He made me want to do the workouts! Though it does take about an hour a day it is worth it!  I have a very clingy one year old who hardly sleeps and even I can find time out of my day to do it anyone can! I feel so confident and by stomach is flat with no dough in sight! I am so excited to finish because we are a month in and I have already seen results! This is an excellent program! I saw a few negative reviews on this program before I purchased it. Most of the people giving it low scores were because it was too hard. Yes, it is too hard and the program states all over the place that it is not for beginners. I'm overweight, but have exercised on and off for years, so this was a good kick in the butt to get me back into shape. Had I never exercised, this would have been too much too fast. I am starting my 3rd week and I've already noticed quite a few differences, especially with muscle development. If you don't get results with this, it's because you aren't putting enough effort into it. It's tough, but a great workout.I'd say this would be a good program for you if you could do two straight minutes of jumping jacks... It would be hard, but if you can only do about 20 seconds, you should find another program. Beware of P90X on Amazon if you see it sold by DGHallBiz. His product comes from China, and it is a cheap counterfeit product and not the real P90X. P90X is a fine product that you will get results with. You don't want to be taken for a ride by a Chinese counterfeiter. My wife and I are on week 3 and are both enjoying the P90X program.  Both of us were in average shape when we began (not terrible not great), but already we are feeling/seeing a difference.My wife's goal is to loose weight (so far she has lost 10 pounds) and I am looking to build some strength (already I've been able to increase either weight or reps for different exercises).THE WORKOUT:The workout itself is quite good.  It is also surprisingly intense.  The exercises themselves are not ground breaking, but the length and pace of the routines is challenging and amazingly effective.  On Day 1 I felt completely wasted at after about 30 minutes (which included a warm-up and a dozen exercises) - and we were only halfway done!  If the viewer is willing to push themselves I don't see how they couldn't see results.THE TIME:The hardest thing for us about p90x is the time commitment.  60 minutes a day (90 for yoga day) is significant for us because we have little children.  However, we have planned to allow ourselves time each day for p90x and it has become less of a struggle and more of the regular routine.  We did make one adjustment and that was to only do 45 minutes of yoga (half the workout) on yoga days.  We just don't have time to do the 90 minutes with small ones.THE DISC QUALITY ISSUE:One of our DVDs (Kenpo) didn't work properly.  I contacted the beachbody folks via their online chat service to let them know.  When I said that I had ordered from Amazon I was told that their admin team would communicate with Amazon about it and that I would probably need to send back the entire package for an exchange.  They said I would be contacted in 2-3 days.  I was not.  However, in 5 days I received an email that my "order" was in the mail.  In the end they didn't contact me about the issue, but simply sent me a replacement DVD via fedex.  Problem solved.  Not as timely as they had said, but they did take care of the issue and I was glad not to send back the entire package. I never used workout DVDs until someone at work recommended p90x. I did the entire 90 days and followed with Insanity and now P90x3.  These original aren't perfect - the production value isn't as high as the newer DVDs - but they work and I would say this is the best overall workout on DVD on the market.My body did not look like the pictures in the end, but only because I didn't follow the strict diet.  I drank a high quality protein drink after each workout, and ate another for breakfast everyday, so my strength and shape changed dramatically.  But I still are more cals than recommended, and didn't cut alcohol out of my diet, so you couldn't see my abs - although you could certainly feel them. I love it.I've been working out for 5 months, lost 30lbs so far with another boot camp dvd, a Wii boxing game, and weights.I hit a wall, and started p90x.  Took pictures this time, and @ 170lbs, I plan on getting down to 150lbs by this summer.  After one week I got below the 170lb mark, after being stuck for 3 weeks.There's a warm up and stretching in the beginning and end of each workout.  And there's so many dvd's.  I'm actually just varying the order of the workouts to my preference.I love the variety, and the fact that you only need a few pieces of equipment, and motivation.  Just following the dvd's keeps you going.  You push yourself as far as goals and reps.  I'm doing as much as I can with good form.  After time, stamina and strength will build, and progress keeps moving along.  I highly recommend it.  This is an amazing program. It takes the guess work out of your workout routine by providing step-by-step workout instruction, as well as instruction on how to taper your diet. One thing that may be helpful to know is that there is a minimum fitness requirement. When I first started using the program, I wasn't able to finish any of the workout routines. I found that it was important for me to not over exert myself. Make sure to just do what you can and when you finally make it to the end of the programs you feel great! You may want to start in a sort of pre-schedule period where you do what you can, until you feel you are up to the minimum fitness requirement. Follow this program and it's almost impossible not to lose weight and look great. I am now in the middle (about Day 45) of the P90X Lean Routine, which I have been deviating from more or less since the beginning. Having lost 14 pounds in the last 7 weeks (5'7 male; was 180, now 166; began on January 3rd, 2015), there are a few things I would note, especially if you are considering purchasing this product:1) Although the workouts themselves can be very rigorous, the real secret to success with this program (depending on one's definition of success) is managing one's diet. The base kit has a really great set of meal recommendations that seem intimidating, but anyone with a frying pan and some olive oil could make most of the meals therein.2) The Lean Routine really should be more accurately described as the Cardio/Easy Routine. The workouts themselves will drive you, but it is the most basic level and does not require tremendous amounts of upper body strength. I have been doing the Lean Routine along with an hour of cardio work (60 minutes on an elliptical; jogging; etc.) since starting. Although probably not recommended for everyone, I have found that the best part about the Lean Routine is the fact that I can finish a workout and not feel like my arms are going to fall off. Moreover, I still have energy through the day to continue to work and function at a very high level.3) The Lean Routine itself became repetitive fairly quickly, so I began to integrate other workouts early on. I'm not a huge fan of the Kenpo exercises so I simply do some weight routines otherwise. The plyometrics routine was a great substitute, though it wouldn't be advisable to insert it if you've ever had leg injuries.4) Most positively, Tony Horton does a great job of reminding viewers that there is no ideal value to hit for reps, and that if you need to take a break, you should do so. I took the exercises very easily early on, realizing that my two options were to either do half of a single DVD well, or to do about 30 seconds of every 45 second interval throughout certain routines. I am sure that there are some different ways to adapt, adjust, and work through, but going from not having exercised in over 8 months to grinding it out through 50 minutes of cardio, this worked well for me.5) Regarding materials, buy a very sturdy yoga mat, a set of resistance bands or dumbbells. You don't need yoga blocks, though if you have them, feel free to utilize them. You likely need about 8 square feet of space to do some of the more cardio-oriented workouts, though not much more would be necessary.6) Enjoy the workouts. They start and finish faster than one would expect, and because of the constant rotation of exercises, you will stay active throughout.Enjoy! Which part of your body will you targer? Creator, Tony H. is your present personal trainer, explaining each part of the body you will be building. He and his friends will also workout with you as a visible timelines counts down each exercise, with another counting backwards for the entire workout period. The amazing Ab Ripper is conveniently placed at the end of most DVD workouts in case that is the time you have chosen to work those abs, baby!Do you need weights?...Are you kidding? This is a state-of-the-art body building program. Not only will you need weights or a good resistance band, you'll need a pull-up bar, and a firm chair for some exercises. Remember, you choose your workouts. Do what you can and forget the rest.DVDS IN THIS SETa -Watch This First- disc1  Chest & Back2  Plyometrics3.  Sholders & Arms4  Yoga5.  Legs & Back6  Kenpo X7  X Stretch8.  Core Synergistics9  Chest, Shoulders & Triceps10 Back & Biceps11 CardioOther materials include workout charts, diet menus, order forms, and website information.***A new 2015 study found that 8 oz of Non-Fat Chocolate Milk is the new lean-muscle-mass-builder drink if consumed within 30 minutes after a muscle building workout. This is definitly cheaper than most sports suppliment shakes that claim to do the same thing. Week one rating;  I'm one of those people who hate exercise, but recognize the need for it, I get bored real quick with routines. This program will not allow you to get bored, in fact now I look forward to my work-out each day (a first for me). I was in fair shape before starting, had the spare tire, only about 10 lbs overweight, spent most of the day sitting (but did walk/run one mile a day, three times a week and  moderate weights for thirty minutes, three times a week, got boring fast) 63 years old, bad knees and one bad shoulder, no thyroid. So really unsure because of the “EXTREME” connotation, but needed a new challenge so I bought it. I have kept up with the program (each rep with each exercise and even exceeded several), had a problem with the AB Ripper X because I was a little uncoordinated and have a small keg instead of a six pack, but did notice each day that I get better. The only exercises I have had to modify are the chin-ups (bad shoulder), but he effectively shows how to do this. I like how he allows you to work at your own pace and build it up (he also demonstrates how to modify each exercise to allow you to build it up or overcome shortfalls), he effectively explains and demonstrates all exercises and equipment needed (nothing expensive). He explains the different exercises to do if you want lean muscle instead of bulk muscle. One bit of advice, before you go to bed at night, take some Tylenol, you will be sore when you wake up in places you forget there were muscles.Problems;1.  Can’t fast forward thru the adds, I understand why you can’t thru the warnings, But I hate ads. This is minor, but still a pain.2. I threw out the diet. As most diets it lists expensive and sometimes hard to find items and I have food allergies and no thyroid. I also hate to cook.  I’m fairly sharp on nutritional requirements so I designed my own diet. My diet meets RDA requirements (other than calorie intake), but with items found in any store. I disagree with him and the FDA on the calorie requirements need, at my age and height, both say I need 2500 to 3000+ cal per day; I have found over several years that I feel better at 1400 to 1800 cal per day. Over, I gain weight (fat weight), lower I lose energy and muscle mass. My diet consists of fruits, vegetables, chicken, lean pork, beans, dark chocolate (yes, sugar), bread (only “Dave’s Bread” because of ingredients, have to limit myself, this bread is addictive) and one day a week I allow myself to eat out at a Mexican restaurant (I could eat their food 7 days a week). I also use rice protein and not soy protein. I have a slight soy and soy-lecithin allergy (it is listed as one of the top ten allergies in this country). Doctors will not tell you this, but drop all foods with soy and soy-lecithin for one week and watch your sinuses dry up. I eat very little processed food on exercise days.I also have my own recovery drink consisting of home made juice and rice protein.Results to date;1. Gain five pounds (across chest, shoulders and arms).2. Lost 1.5 inch on waist (haven't lost 1/2 inch in last two years).3. Feel better (more energy and alertness).4. Wife starting to perk up when I enter a room (this alone makes it worth the cost).I say this is a definite buy and don’t be scared off by the “EXTREME”, it takes one to one and a half hours a  day, it allows self paced work with excellent coaching advice, low cost, doesn’t take a lot of room and keeps it interesting. It is not another dance routine or get fit quick program, it is a follow along, do the work and get in shape program that can hopefully be used past the 90 day limit. We have gone through the DVD 3 times, and we are getting better and losing the weight.  I always wanted to try P90X, and now I have finally done it.  It may seem a little outdated, but I love the hosts personality and his jokes and mannerisms make the time pass more easily.  This is not a fluff workout system, this is the real deal.  I have lost 25 lbs between these videos and changing my diet.  TRY this now! I'm only a few weeks into the program and I can tell a difference.  It's hard, but fun.  I like the options on playback...you can omit things like music and commentary.  For now, I like all that, but after awhile, it would get repetitive and I'll probably want my own music once I get it all down good.The time commitment seems huge, but what do we have without our health, and if you figure drive time to a gym...the convenience of a home workout is just one more plus.I feel better, have more energy, and each time I can do a little more than I did before.I would recommend this. P90x! Wow! This is an extreme workout no doubt. Very tough at 1st but If you stick with it and do your best you'll get great results! I have not followed the diet plan. I just cut out pop, fast food and other unhealthy snacks. Now in my second month I have lost about 9lbs, 2 inches of the waist, and my arms chest and back have shown definite improvement. Especially my arms! They're huge now. If your serious about getting in shape get your mind right and commit yourself to p90x. You'll thank yourself believe me. To say I've got my $$s worth from these DVDs would be a huge understatement. I used to hate doing weights and Tony Horton has made me a convert, not like the new evangelical being type of convert , but I've definitely  gone from loathe to tolerable. The thing about p90x is it can be modified and unlike Insanity, you have sufficient breaks that even the beginner can keep up. I was already somewhat fit, but this has made more aware of a). My diet and B). The importance of training various muscle groups. There is more to life than cardio alone, although hard to believe. I'm learning. Although I have just started the P90x full 90 day program I did the exercises 2-3 times a week for 3 weeks in an attempt to get ready. Let me just say that these workouts are hard, but very possible. Tony has set it up for almost any level to do what you can, and keep doing more reps or more weight as you need to. I did the chest and back exercise first and could hardly raise my arms to dry off after my shower, LOVED IT! I used to always work out in high school but 4 years of college and I've definitely slipped, but P90X gives you that desire/hunger again to be healthier! I highly recommend P90X to anyone who is serious about weightloss or toning!? You can go spend money on books, miracle pills or electrical gimics but NONE OF THEM WORK LIKE GOOD OLD FASHION WORK! Buy P90X and get ready to BRING IT! I bought this last year as part of my New Years resolution. I only made it 30 days or so into the program but would recommend it.The KitThe kit is great! It comes with multiple DVDs, a fitness guide and a nutrition booklet. I still use the nutrition booklet to this day - it's a great guide for grocery shopping, recipes, etc.The DVDsThe DVDs are fun! I really enjoyed the workouts. The first day I started I couldn't do any of the moves. I struggled but plugged along. I felt silly doing some of the things but it turned enjoyable and by a week into the program it got easier. You'll need to purchase hand weights and a pull up bar. I bought the resistance bands but a pull up bar is the way to go. You can get everything from target. Tony is a trip and I got a kick out of working out with him. I also enjoyed the extras they had - each DVD has new people who are just amazingly in fit but they always have one person doing a modified workout and they spend time showing you how to do it with them - which was so helpful. The DVDs are an hour long including warm up and cool down. a small clock is in the corner letting you know how much time you have left.The resultsYes, you will see results regardless of your fitness level or duration into the program. I did it for 30 days and then went off and on it for a week here and there. I lost 40 lbs from March to May (190 to 150 lbs). On the days I didn't do the DVDs I still followed the nutrition plan and got in 30 min on elliptical. It was a good way to re-discipline myself. I stopped working out in Sept and am now back to my original weight which means I'm breaking this back out again... which is another reason I'd recommend it. It's a great tool to have and pull out when you needed it. You'll learn some good tips along the way.  This was a great buy. If you really stick to it you'll a change. If you just keep it collecting dust then it's not going to work. But if you follow what Tony Horton says and workout you will see a change. I love this workout. My daughter  showed me some great pictures  of this kid who did this program it really worked for him. I decided  to buy this program  for my husband and me to do together. My package arrived on time.I read the instructions  and we  picked the lean program.well this program  is not for the older crowd.the very first workout  that we tried my husband  hurt his ankle.I have continued  to do the exercise  dvd by myself and I truly feel this is more for the younger  crowd very intense program with a lot of jumping movements.I would give this program  a six star only bc that kid my daughter knew really looks great he lost 100 pounds off this program I guarantee that if you do the entire P90X program faithfully, and work as hard as you can for an hour a day, you WILL see results. It's practically impossible not to. P90X is very cardio heavy, so its doubtful you'll get much bigger, but you will certainly get much leaner. However, its a very intense workout, and I don't really recommend it unless you're already in semi-decent shape, as it will be VERY hard to do every day for three months otherwise. You could do it with supreme will power, but it'll be a rough ride.Essentially, P90X is an intense program, if you want intense results; do it. I got fit fast!  Everyone was saying it was going to be sooo hard but it you've ever taken any type of aerobics class it'll be fine.  This isn't the best workout for a beginner because I think he goes fast and doesn't show a lot of structure.  But check out a couple group aerobics classes where the can show you form then get this.  It's an amazing workout for someone that wants to get on track.  People blow it out of portion how intense it is. There are tons of modifications to fit your level of fitness.  I use this on and off with a regular gym workout, hot yoga and running.  I use it as a supplement to my workouts most of the time but it is a good workout in itself.  It'll make you ache and it's definitely been a great investment on my physique and confidence. I cannot say enough fantastic things about this workout program....and I am only 38 days in. To give you a bit of background - I am a pretty fit person (when I started this program, I was 105 lbs at 5'2", and had just completed a half marathon).  NEVER have I EVER encountered a workout program that kept me as motivated as this....and that includes working with a personal trainer. For an entire year, I paid a personal trainer $100/month, for a total of $1200....I stopped when I couldn't afford it anymore, and fell back into my standard gym routine. I heard from a friend about P90X, and for $140, decided to try it. I already have the same - if not better - results as I had with the personal trainer...and the best part is that I can do this on my own time! Some days I wake up early and do the workouts before work...other days, I do them after dinner. No more scheduling appointments at the gym and changing around my personal schedule.After 38 days on the program, I have already completely fixed the trouble areas on my back and upper thighs that no exercise I had tried yet was able to fix totally....and I have never felt better. The yoga and x-stretch workouts have helped me correct neck and back problems caused by sitting all day at a computer in an office....problems I had previously been seeing a chiropractor for. My husband, a former marine, has even had difficulty completing some of the workouts with me!I will be totally honest -- the workout program comes with a nutrition plan which I intended on following...but I haven't....I've continued to eat as I normally had -- yet I still have been seeing amazing results. I don't expect everyone to see the same results as I have, but I can't get enough of this program, and can't wait to see the results from my next 52 days!!! This program is everything they say on the infomercial.It works you really hard. I'm just finishing up week seven and not having followed thediet at all am still seeing excellent results.This program requires a degree of mental toughness as well, because you get really tired.That being said I add this: eat more, eat good food, get good sleep and you'll be fine.  Unless your already in really good shape you won't be able to keep up with the video, leaving you with the option of not finishing the workout, or hitting the pause button and taking more breaks. It takes me a little better than ninety minutes to get through a workout.TIME WELL SPENT.They do push the other products (recovery drink etc...) I don't feel its that intrusive.Tony is a bit of a nerd. In our house he fits right in. Hope he keeps it up for future vids.Helpful stuff:Power block dumbells don't take up too much space.you can get a 4'X 8' work out mat so your not sweating all over the floor, I got mine for about 30$ at a local fitness store.I bought a pull up bar attachment for the power block bench. AND some bands to help build strength.(I do pull ups to failure and then quickly switch to the bands to get extra reps. MODIFY!)I started mixing 50% gatorade in my water and that seems to help get me through.  I don't use any of their food products)and MODIFY MODIFY MODIFY  If you can't do it their way find a way that works for you (less reps or don't jump so high or what ever).When your done you can take a week off and start again, or they give you other options P90X Lean which is more cardio based or P90X doubles which adds and extra cardio workout three days a week. Either way you have a workout you can use for the rest of your life.UPDATE: 1 year later still working out with Tony & the gang, have also started to get P90X 1 on 1.  These are just Tony working out at his home gym. They are just as good as the origional.  Looking forward to more! Omg, I love this workout!!!!!!  Unfortunately I only did it for 2 weeks and got really sick.  So I'm hoping to be back with it by next week.  I love the variety, as I have A.D.D when it comes to working out.  I have always worked out but get bored so quick that I  continuously have to do diffrent things.  I love how it challenges you, and how quickly the time goes by.  The Kempo workout is probably my favorite dvd so far, the yoga not so much, too long and boring so on those days I put in my pilates dvds.  But I was supised at how quickly this process works.  the first week I lost an inch all over, and by the time I got sick I had lost almost 3 inches in my waist 3 inches in my abdomen 2 inches around my bust and 2 inches on my hips!! And I am a person that is not very big or has a lot to loose (probably need to loose like 10-15 pounds)  So, If I am able to accomplish this in 2 weeks, I'm dying to see what I look like at the end of 90 days!! I also would recomend a person to measure themselves as oppose to weighing themselves on this process.  My friend did this workout and gained 12 pounds, but it was all muscle.  I mean, she has a body to die for.  So, If you fear the scale, like I do, I recommend measuring.  But overall, this is a great workout, and it is like having a personal trainer with you at all time, without the high cost of a trainer.  The diet is good.  Try the recepies, I have been pleasantly suprised at how good they taste!!  Don't fear the change or the challenge.  Even if you can't do an exercise, that's ok.  Maybe the next time you will be able to do one rep. then the next week two reps, just keep going.  The first week I couldn't do this side tri push up thing at all.  I did 0 reps the second week I could do 7 and the last time I did it (before I got sick) I could do 12!!!!!  So little things like that will motivate you and keep you going. I am a 39 year old with 2 kids under the age of 4.  I was always exercising growing up and throughout college and a few years after.  In the last 15 years since, work and life just got in the way.  I slowly gained 25 lbs and felt/looked like garbage.  My BMI was 29 (just short of obese). My brother told me about P90X. I took about a month to decide to buy the program.  The  youtube videos helped my decision. Of course I failed the "fit test" but decided to go for it anyway.  The first week I could do next to nothing but I felt better.  Now I am a P90X "classic" program grad and repeating the entire program again.  I had to take 3 extra weeks to finish due to work and life. I never did get into the yoga.  I can curl 30 lbs 16 reps.  I can do 25 pushups using pushup bars.  I can do tons of sit ups.  I am in great shape, not ripped but the belly is gone and my manboobs are now almost all muscle.  I am strong and feel like I'm 25.Things they don't tell you...The workouts are really hard.  The time commitment is 1 to 1.5 hours 5-6 times per a week if you are going to really go for it.  You really need a buddy to keep you on track.  To really drop body fat (get ripped) you have to do 2 workouts a day.  The diet is well intentioned but hard to stick to because of time needed to prep the food. The trainer "Tony" in the DVDs is annoying after 13 weeks but really does get you motivated.Problems...What to do once you finish the programHints...I used Bob's Red Mill All Natural Whey Protein Concentrate combined with Carnation instant breakfast for recovery drinkI replaced lunch with Clif builder bars (high protien)On cardio days make sure you eat some carbs otherwise you will run out of gas... I just reached my 30 day mark with little to no results in my abdominal section, but I am beginning to see my other muscles look bigger and better! I'm glad I bought this! It's great. 60 more days to go! This is the second time I have purchased P90X...I lost my original copy which I finished five times.  The program is so fantastic, I bought another and am in my third week of Phase 1.  I feel fantastic like before with so much energy, I feel like I could leap over buildings again.  I am 54 years old and have been athletic all my life...surfing, running, martial arts and always letting my inner child rise to the surface.  P90X helps keep me there.Also...prior to my first purchase of P90X back in 2010, I arrogantly scoffed at DVD workouts since I was and still am, one who loves outdoor sports.  My first time through it back in 2010 enlightened me to the benefits of supporting those outdoor activities I love so much.  If you are thinking about buying this...go for it.5 stars.  I'm finishing up Day 30 of p90x now.  I really can't believe how much better I feel, my increase in energy, and the way my body is changing.Let me start by saying that I am not a gym rat.  I am 5'8" and was 190 lbs. with little muscle on my arms and legs when I started.  I carried a ton of weight on my midsection, and despite being fairly athletic was really not feeling healthy.I decided in March that I wanted to get back in shape, so I started going to the gym three days a week.  I got bored, I did the same things over and over and saw little difference in my appearance despite getting stronger.  So I decided to try p90x.  When people talk about it changing their lives they are not BS'ing you.  They first two weeks made me feel like I was dying and I almost quit a few times.  Don't.  Stick it out.  You will get stronger.  You will gain balance.  You will be able to do chin-ups.I still can't do all of the exercises and occasionally need to skip a day and rest, but the results are noticeable.  I've dropped from 190-170 in less than a month, and I am starting to get abs.  Real abs.  By the way, I don't eat particularly healthy foods and still see a difference. I try to eat whole wheat bread, but I do enjoy pizza, chinese food, etc.  I just eat less of it.Check with a physician before starting this routine, it is intense.  And if you have weight-related health issues like obesity or just dont have the ability to do normal exercise then you should look into the power90 series, I hear it's good too.  Please give this a shot and finish the first three weeks, you won't be sorry. I started this program three months ago when I turned 36, back then I was 175 pounds . Now I'm 148 pounds and in the best shape of my life. I heard all types of people tell me good and bad about this workout program and the bottom line is that it is up to you and no one else so ignore the negative and just do it and you will get great results no doubt!Thank you Tony Horton and everyone at Beachbody for putting this great workout together. Exceeded my expectations. Lost 60 lbs in 2 months I love this product and have been recommending it to all my friends.  I am in my 40's and would conservatively judge myself to be a moderately athletic person. I have always done some level of active workout (running, light weights, core, yoga).  What I liked best about this program is it can easily be modified to fit just about any level of fitness, other than an older beginner (too much too soon).  I found it very easy to follow, very motivating and it contained a good variety of activities.  Tony Horton is encouraging without being patronizing and a bonus is that as you get used to the routines, you can actually turn off the sound (voices, music or both).  I did not follow the meal plan, other than adding protein bars and shakes, as I was not looking to lose weight and, as a vegetarian, did not find many meal choices, other than eggs (HEAVY on the egg recipes). As with many workout programs, once you get into it, it is addicting and I look forward to each workout.  However, as I got used to the program, I returned to running, too, as I missed it and felt I needed more cardio.  I believe this program will work best for individuals who are realistic about fitness outcomes: you will get nicely toned and increase stamina, but I seriously doubt these are the only workouts these truly "buff" video individuals do. You are not going to look like Tony Horton from P90X alone: more extensive free weights and cardio are evident in the models! I had seen some of the P90X videos before I ordered the DVD set. I had seen some of the videos online and even done the workouts before, but I wanted to own the set on physical DVD's so I could watch them on my TV instead of my small laptop.Basically, P90X is all you really need. You can do it with a relatively small amount of equipment. All you really need is a place to do pull ups somewhere in your house, such as a doorway where you can set up a pull up bar. (don't use the official P90X pullup bar, it is expensive. You can get one for cheaper elsewhere).The only criticism I have of P90X is that if you really want strong legs, then P90X will only take you so far. It performs very well in every other area of muscles, ie the ab ripper is good, and you will definitely build arm and upper body muscles. Also, if you are not very flexible, be sure to do the x-stretch on your 7th day every week, instead of just resting. It will help you relax, etc.Like I said, it has everything you need and you only need a pullup bar, and some dumbbells. Again, my only criticism is that sometimes I find myself going to my local YMCA to do leg presses, because you really can't build SUPER strong legs with P90X, although your legs will definitely get toned, you just won't be able to leg press a ton of weight because P90X doesn't involve leg pressing a ton of weights.... simple as that. I'm a 25 year old 125 pound girl who is in pretty good shape. I stuck to the plan it said to follow, including the meal plan, for 2 months before giving up. Since I didn't need to lose weight, I didn't notice a difference in my appearance. However, I did notice an increase in my arm strength, and in my endurance when I did the cardio. I quit the meal plan because I was hungry all the time and it made me feel sick. I also got really bored doing the same things every week, and doing an hour to 90 minutes a day really didn't fit my schedule.Once I got tired of that, I started just doing the workouts I liked (I can't do any that involve pullups) when I had time for them. It has been great. It's an amazing workout, and I am still seeing improvements in my strength and endurance.So if 90 days of crazy exercise and strict diet sound scary to you, but you want a good workout, get this! Even just doing it a few times a week helps. It has a 90 minute yoga workout, which I love, and the 60 minute stretch and 50 minute cardio are great.It's like going to a group exercise class, but without having to be watched by other people. Plus Tony Horton is hilarious, so it's a really fun program. Not many people can give a workout program to their spouse for a gift but my husbands cardiologist recommended he start working out and specifically recommended this program.  After it sitting in the middle of my husbands hobby room for a month he finally decided it wasn't going anywhere so he picked it up and looked at it on the computer.  First words out of his mouth were "I can't do this".  Sure you can were mine.  A little at a time like I did my workout program were my words to him.He has had it several months and he is doing it now.  I can't tell you what he does or which part but he is doing it and he is getting stronger physically and I can tell you that I can feel muscles where there were none before.  He is 65 and he hasn't worked out in the last 20 years.  He's taking it slow but I know he's doing it.  He doesn't follow the eating part of it and he didn't really read the books that came with it but that might be a thing he will do later.  I'm just happy he is working out some. I've watched the guys around my office getting into great shape using P90x with amazing transformations. I got the chance to borrow the dvds from a friend and became completely ADDICTED!!! After 3 weeks I had to buy my own set and I have no regrets. Money well spent. I am a 42 year old woman and I have done the workouts almost religiously for 4 weeks (small break to travel for a graduation). I can tell you that my 19 year old son works out with me occassionally and was amazed during our last work out at how much more flexible I have become, which helps enormously during the cardio work outs. In 4 weeks I've only lost 2 lbs but I've lost 1" in my waist, 1/2" in my biceps and gained 1/2" in my calves. I am loving the transformation I can see and have received many compliments. I absolutely love Tony and I find it very helpful when he gets up to check on the "kids" and corrects them. Every time I hear something new, make the adjust and then I feel something new. Once you start this program you won't be able to stop! On the 7th days when it gives you the option to Rest or X Stretch do the X Stretch it's easy going, feels great and won't break your momentum. I can't wait to see how I feel at the end of the 90 days. As Tony Horton says in the intro to Ab Ripper X,  I can say when talking about the entire P90X program, "I hate it, but I love it!"  Buying P90X is the easiest thing you'll do associated with this product.  The rest is hard work and discipline.  Don't purchase it unless you are committed to following through and are willing to keep pushing play.  In the beginning, your body will take a pounding, but after the first 3 weeks, the recovery week will help you get back to it stronger than ever.  If you stick with it you will see results.  Don't expect to get ripped like the people they show in their ads, because those results are not typical.  But, do expect to dramatically change your body - not only how you look, but your balance, coordination, stamina, and if you participate in other physically activities, your performance in those other things you do.  The diet is just as important as the training portion of the program.  The closer you adhere to the diet, or some other sensible eating plan, the more pronounced your results will be.  I am very glad I decided to do P90X.  I am in the best shape of my life and the program is adaptable so you can use it in a modified form for the rest of your life. This is by far one of the best investments I've made towards a commercialized workout program. The intensity is great but you definitely need to be willing to stay dedicated in order to get results. Tony definitely keeps it interesting, and believe me, an hour doesn't sound like much but I guarantee for the first few weeks it'll be the longest hours of your life. Great product well worth it!  Awesome!  We are on week three and love it.  Anything Beachbody/Tony Horton is a winner in my book and this has nice variety and plenty of ways to modify.  My husband has had knee surgery and like Tony says-"it's about finding ways to work around it or modify instead of doing nothing!"  Challenging, worth the effort! I have never purchased anything over the TV, not to mention an exercise video. I hate infomercials and I hate exercising.  I never went to the gym, but I liked to be active.  I'm a 34 year-old woman, and after extensive medical issues and then quitting smoking and gaining 20 pounds in 6 weeks, I was desperate and ordered P90x because it was a 90 day program and would be cheaper than joining a gym I knew I wouldn't go to.  I am on Week 3 phase 1 right now and haven't missed a day and can see the results in weight loss, flexibility, breathing, energy, muscle tone and I can sleep better.  I could barely do any of the videos when I first started and now only 3 weeks later, I am confident in keeping up with it.  There is so much variety (12 or 13 discs in all) I haven't gotten bored, and it walks me through what diet and supplements to keep as well. You can do everything in your living room. It's not easy but it is doable - you just have to start off at your own pace and work up to it. Video and production quality is very good, and Tony Horton is a very good motivator - it is like having your own personal trainer. I've been looking for something I can use to workout at home as I hate going to the gym. I saw P90X infomercial and I was intrigued so I just had to look it up and see if it has good reviews. It definitely has great reviews and that's why I've decided to try it for myself. The workout itself is great it's just too bad I can't follow the diet it offers. I already know that my result will take longer but that's ok. I am now on my third month and have lost 8lbs and counting. I have also lost a lot of fat and gained muscles just for doing the workout. I feel stronger and leaner now and I feel real good about myself. My coworkers often tell me I look great and looked like I'd shrunk and just keep shrinking. My goal is to lose about 7lbs more and I would really love to have that sexy abs. I know I will achieve that goal maybe not within this month but I will definitely get there. I love the workout and will keep doing it even after I finish the 90 days and achieved my goal. If I knew about this P90X I would have bought it a long time ago. I definitely recommend this product and it's definitely worth every penny. I work in the fitness industry and was pretty sceptical about this product. After the first week I was hooked... for a beginner it is going to knock your socks off so, pace yourself and don't go full force the first week. Expect to be pretty sore throughout the entire 90 days but at the end you will defiantly feel better, look better and be ready for more. I lost over 20lbs, 8% body fat and i gained a ton of strength (I went from 12 pull ups to set of 20+). I did use the program at my gym and I had a professional trainer push me through two of the more difficult days (plyo and legs and back). However, I feel you can 100% do the program in a basement, garage or living room. Final thoughts, if you hit play everyday and bring your best each time YOU WILL SEE AND FEEL THE PHYSICAL CHANGE.P90X Extreme Home Fitness Workout Program - 13 DVDs, Nutrition Guide, Exercise Planner This is well worth the money.  It's fun, hard, progressively more challenging, and easily adaptable to your fitness level and goals. I'm in week two, and already the results are dramatic. Not for beginners! This is best for people who have plateaued with their current workout schedule. Also, the nutrition guide is very thorough and a huge benefit.  Unlike most diets, this is not calorie deficient, but instead tells you what and how much to eat to properly fuel your body for peak athletic performance. The production values are great.  The DVDs let you easily skip back and forth to each exercise, with options for turning the music and narration on or off, and an onscreen timer counts down both the entire workout and each exercise, to help you pace yourself. Options are given for each exercise to accommodate different ability levels. You'll be looking for excuses to take your shirt off. My brother recommended this to me.  He's had good results with the program, and I would highly recommend it to others.Before I give a review, I should clarify, this is not a weight training program that is meant to add massive amounts of muscle bulk, so if you're looking to bulk up to Mr. Olympia proportions, then this is not for you.  I wasn't looking for that though.  I wanted to drop some pounds, add some size and definition to my muscles, and add some good cardio and general fitness to my daily life.  If that's what you're looking for, then this is really a great program.  I've been, "Bringing it" for 3 weeks now, and I can already tell a difference in the way my clothes fit and my body shape.THE WORKOUT PROGRAM:  The program lasts 90 days.  You work out six days a week and rest one day a week, (or you can do the low intensity stretching DVD if you don't want to rest), and the workouts last around an hour give or take a few minutes.  The abs workout is done 3 times a week and last for about 15 minutes.  The only equipment you'll really require are a pull-up bar and a few dumbbells, or some exercise bands that simulate the afore mentioned equipment.  A good sit-up/yoga mat is nice, but not absolutely necessary, as is a heart monitor.  That's one aspect of the program that I really liked; I didn't have to go out and spend a ton of money to see results.  Also, I'm not a big workout guy.  Never have been.  The beauty of this program is that it breaks down the daily workouts into mostly 30 to 60-or-so seconds sets and doesn't get repetitive.  The workouts really do go by quick so they're easy to stick with.The workouts focus on different areas of the body each day, and most workouts consist of push-ups, sit-ups, pull-ups, various types of arm curls and shoulder fly's, and other exercises that are done without equipment (like wall squats,  jumping jacks, etc.)  There is a yoga workout one day, and although I've never been a really big fan of yoga, I've really grown to like it; it definitely makes you sweat, and a lot of the pops and cracks that I used to have when I got up in the mornings are going away.  The yoga music is somewhat cheesy, but you can just turn the TV down and put on your own music.  There is also a Plyometrics workout that kicks my butt every time, that can be hard on injured legs, knees, or ankles, but Tony (the guy leading the workout) is really good about giving you alternative low impact moves if you need them.THE DIET:  The diet is not absolutely necessary, but if you're eating a steady diet of really unhealthy foods (i.e. junk food), then you're not going to see the results as quickly as others.  The diet is not abnormally complicated, but it does take some getting used to in the beginning and can be a little hard on your grocery bill the first few weeks as you buy the various types of food types you need in order to replace the junk you may already have on your shelves.  You get two options for the diet; you can go by the pre-planned daily diet, or you can do the portion control and choose your own foods from within the provided food groups while regulating the portion sizes.  I went with the portion control as some of the stuff of the pre-planned menu is quite pricey.  Again, you don't have to do the diet, but if you're looking to shed some pounds (like I am) and see maximum results, then the diet really helps.  The program recommends a lot of supplements too, but all are optional.  The only supplements I went for were the recovery mix (seriously, I work out extra hard just to drink the P90X recovery drink; it's that good, plus it really does take away some of the soreness for me) and a chocolate whey protein supplement; I like chocolate shakes, so a good chocolate-banana-strawberry protein shake for a snack is a real plus for me.In the end, it's up to you how effective this program is.  I make it a point to get up around 5am every day to do it.  If you're not willing to devote an hour or so a day to the workouts, or you're not willing to give up the fast food 3 times a day plus 5 biggie Cokes and 2 bags of potato chips, then you're not gonna see major results.  However, if you seriously put time and effort into the program, then it really will get you into good shape. P90X is a very tough workout for someone who's otherwise not in top shape.  However, if you're still in good health and don't have any significant injury risks, it's a fantastic workout.  Aim to have an hour a day you can dedicate to doing the workouts, and if you're trying to lose weight, be prepared to follow an Atkins-like diet at first.  Having said that, in the first week, I lost 7 lbs.  Since then, I haven't been able to get through 6 workouts in a week (I'm hitting 4-5 a week) and I've lost a couple lbs. each week while feeling stronger and in better shape.For anyone who can find the time to at least get most of the workouts in, I'd highly recommend P90X as a workout regiment.  Be warned though, that I think someone personally wronged Tony Horton before he taped the Plyometric workout.  It's a real butt-kicker and even 3-4 weeks in, it destroys me. I love P90X!  A great workout for 6 days of the week, that are all different!  The videos don't get old and the book comes complete with instructions.  I printed the workout chart from the internet and track my reps.  I have read through the nutrition guide, which gives some good recipes, but I don't want to write anything in my book.  It's a good reference tool.  I look forward to working out in the mornings now!  Bonus - I can workout at home, anytime that is convenient!  My kids don't have to go to the gym with me and they stay at home and play, while I work out.  They even like to participate sometimes too - or tell me I'm not doing it correctly....  A+ - I can feel my muscles and slept so well over the weekend.  P90X combined with a good diet - I have plans to lose weight, and believe that I will on this program. After a couple decades in a desk job with moderate physical activity, it was time to get in shape. My wife and I are both 49 this year and we didn't want to hit our 50s being soft and flabby. I didn't know if I could handle an extreme workout at this age, but decided to gamble on it and we both love it! The workouts are tough and take upwards of an hour and a half to do each day (when including the abs ripper every other day). I felt muscles ache that I hadn't used in years and was physically very tired during the first couple weeks but am feeling better every day. I'm currently in the middle of the third week and can see the effect, including the beginnings of a six-pack that I haven't seen well-defined in a couple decades. They are tough workouts, but I highly recommend them if you are up to a challenge. I love this workout and this is my 3rd time doing the program.  I'm currently coming off a bulking routine and looking to get under 10% bodyfat.  I love the gym for the eye candy but heavy weights can take a toll after a while, so it's nice to go back to body weight exercises, plus memebership costs and the drive to and from the gym, the benefits of being able to work out at home add up.  There are always going to be better routines out there such as crossfit, but that has the same associated costs of a global gym.  I know all the routines by heart so I can power through the workouts without the dvds playing.  I love Tony but it's like playing a game of Madden after a while with the same lines over and over.  A lot of people ask what you do after 90 days?  Well you either start the program over again or move to another routine depending on your goals.  If you want to add more muscle do free weights (Check out Rippetoe Starting Strength) or cross fit.  If you want to lose more weight then try Insanity.  The cardio routines in P90X can get old after a while.  There is a big beach body community out there who have put together hybrid routines of P90x/Insanity that work well to break the monotony.  I bought this program again for my sister to help her lose weight and so far she is making good progress.  As with any fitness program, your diet plays an important part in how successful you will be in reaching your goals.  As far as the fitness test at the beginning, it does have its merits, but I would not let that distract you if you cannot pass it.  There are 3 levels to this program.  If you are completely out of shape then start out with the lean version, press play, and do as much as you can in the alloted time.  Getting in shape takes time, consistenticy, and discipline.  As long as you keep coming back each day and pressing play, you will get better, stronger, and you will see results.  The first time I did the program I went from 8 bodyweight pull ups to 20 body weight pulls to 10 pull ups with a 60lb weight attached.  So if you're on the edge about this program, I say go ahead and pull the trigger, press play, and bring it!  My roommate and I have been doing the P90X Lean version for about 3 weeks now...and it is amazing! The DVD comes with a booklet that offers 3 versions of the program...the lean... original...and doubles. It also comes with a nutrition cook book and a work out chart to keep track of your progress. Before, I couldn't do 5 push ups...now I push out 30 without a problem! It is by far the best work out either of us has ever gotten! Definitely have to commit though, the work outs are not easy and sometimes other things intervene with "work out" time. I highly recommend it, and also recommend getting the bands/weights and a yoga block...you will need them! This  is a real energetic way to do exercise and at 63 years old it is a challenge. The variety in the DVD's is what makes this so good. I do about 30 minutes every other day because I am older. But the Yoga,  Kickbox and extra in the first DVD really are terrific. Defiantly worth the money.  As long as you stick to the program and meal plan you will be in wonderful shape after this!  I wasn't looking to get all ripped and the best shape of my life.  I was currently working out already and needed a diet/exercise plan change.  I wanted to try this and I loved it.  I changed a few things to what I wanted to do.  Like for example the meal plan was a little too much for me.  So I tailored it to my needs and what results I wanted to get out of it.  Mind you if you do this you don't get the omg results like you are suppose to if you follow it to the T.  I removed the suggested supplements because I didn't want to spend the money and like I said I wanted a new routine not get jacked and all that jazz.  As for the food plan it was too much for me so I tailored it more to my likes since I'm a little bit of a picky eater and honestly could not stomach that much food in the morning.  I started off weighting about 153 and ended at 142. Went form a sixe 8-9 to a legit 6.  Doesn't seem like a lot but you have to remember I was already working out and being active.  Just needed a change and boost to my metabolism.  This was over two years ago.  I still apply the concept to this program to my every day life and have kept the weight off.  I have actually lost more weight and weigh now 135. I have changed a few things again in my work out routine but every now and then pull out a few of his cds I liked and do those.  I love it and its a must try.  Remember in order to see the results you must stick to the program.  Its hard but its so worth it! The strength workouts are great. The ab workout is outstanding, however you will eventually want to add some variation with some of Tony Horton's other ab workouts (like 1 on 1). For people who are not in good shape, or who have only been doing cardio (which was my case) the workouts can be difficult to get through for a few weeks, and some moves will require modification for some time. I added 2 weeks to the beginning of the program, because that is how long it took me to start to be able to make it through the entire workout video. Some may find Tony annoying but he is perfect for motivating me. When he tells me "you can do anything for 30 seconds!" I feel he is right and I try. Right when I go to sit down on the couch because I'm wore out, he tells me "Don't get on the couch, keep moving" and I do. If you actually give this program a chance and do it every day and follow the nutrition plan, it will definitely work for you. You will feel your mood change just after about three days into the program and realize how what you eat affects your mood and alertness. Give it a chance! It really works! And you can do it at home! I'm a believer now. Brutal workout!  I can't even do a whole DVD... I only do about 20 or 30 minutes and then sit and watch the rest. LoL. You will work up a sweat in no time.  My favorite is the yoga, and even that is a killer!  He's very good at explaining all the moves, though, and keeping you motivated. i have only been able to find three workout videos. P90X, Insanity, and swiss ball abs workout. i now combine them into one workout. takes about 12 days to get through. each video on its own is good, but is missing something (P90 is good for muscles, but not great on cardio; insanity is great on cardio but not much in terms of upper body muscles). combine them all with a dedicated abs workout and you are good. I consider myself a fit person, I go to the gym and I eat well but I wasn't seeing any beach-worthy results. Through the recommendation of a friend at work, I started using P90X. I am currently on my third week of the workout and I am noticing very significant changes, not only externally but also strength and general fitness.Tony Horton is fun, motivating and hilarious in all of his workouts. I don't plan on stopping this workout after the 90 days.The boxed set may seem pricey, but if you are serious about getting into shape: BUY P90X NOW. And get ready to BRING IT! My core= GreatMy overall fitness= GreatMy mood= GreatThis program= GREAT!Fun and intense program this is. No lie, it's hard at first. Then it gets challenging and fun after you know what to do. No hard crazy super moves that are weird or that mess up your back or anything like that.I lost 10 pounds the first 3 weeks. Then i gained 5 pounds on the last 3 weeks but no of fat ;) Dont skip Yoga X, it makes you feel great and dont skipped any videos period!No shakology nor recovery drink needed :)Buy this program! This product met my expectations and was a great deal.  You get the DVDs, the book of recipes, and other mentioned goodies.  Don't go with other work out DVDs to save money.  This set will engage you in the most professional way.  I appreciated the two bonus workouts which help me to gauge my readiness for the P90X program. The workouts are challenging and it is nice to do something different each day. I am on the 3rd day of my 3rd week and so far my favorite is Plyometrics and my least favorite is yoga. I can feel muscles as never before even though I haven't lost much weight or body fat yet, I am sure it will happen. The hardest thing of all is making sure I eat enough every day of the right things to stay fueled up. If you are ready to "Bring it" this is a program for you. This is not for the faint of heart. Nor is this some infomercial scam designed to just get your dollars. You must be prepared for a lifestyle change when doing the P90X. They prepare you to lose the weight by giving you a nutritional meal plan, recipes you can use to make food, and an INTENSE 1 hour workout. Its like getting a personal trainer in the comforts of your own home, at a fraction of the price.I would recommend this product to anyone who is serious about losing weight, and has the will and dedication to proceed for the full 90 days. My wife and I are on Week 4 of the program now and working out together has kept us on track.  The benefits of this program are the variety of exercises that they throw at you and the constant reminders of proper form and motivation to do what you can.  I have heard lots of people say that they gave up after starting this program.  It is a lot of time to invest, but instead of watching TV shows, we are watching/and following these workouts and enjoying the results.  I recommend for anyone that is at a moderate/high level of fitness. I have been lifting weights using a home gym for many years but the workout I was doing was getting highly redundant.  The P90X workout set is very ambitious but provides a high level of variety and makes you use many more muscle combination's as compared to only a weight lifting regimen.....if you want to get really fit, more flexible and also more athletically developed, I would recommend purchasing this product.....Tony Horton will work you at a high level.....and you will reap the results.....Larry D, Portland, OR spend the money on these, follow the path as Tony lays it out and you will become stronger, all over.the p90x is a great way to achieve full body fitness (not just one muscle group or cardio fitness....the whole body).If you aren't an avid exerciser it will definitely take some getting used to, but keep plugging away and you will see and feel your efforts making a difference.i'd recommend testing your self on day 1 and then on day 30/45/60...you won't be disappointed I am a former fitness trainer and this is the real deal for fitness.  I haven't been through all the dvd's yet, but from what I have seen and done so far, I strongly recommend this fitness program.  If you are committed, you will not only see great results but you will be utilizing a program that will get you into superb shape.  It is not hype and it is unlike most fitness programs and regimens that offer you the same blah, blah, blah that most other training programs and dvd's offer. Great workout, but definetely for persons with stamina, and previous training. I have good physical condition, but had around 4 months without training, the first week was definetely hell. But great workout it's fun and the 45-60 min goes fast. I recommend this product very much, it has online forums for support, a detailed nutrition guide with vegetarian options (i loved that, cause i am veg). Great buy for the price. Okay this is a really fun program. All the tapes start with a really good warm up,(very important) and end with a cool down. Tony and his students do such a great job to encourage you to do your best, push hard, but never too hard and work at a level that you are comfortable with. They DO NOT yell and scream to motivate you like some other programs do. You will be completely amazed at the progress you will make if you stick with it. Different tape for each day of the week keeps it interesting. And the exercises are made fun because they are not the same old boring sit-ups, etc. .No really. Try it. I'm three weeks in.  Not going to lie, if you give it your all, it's going to *hurt*.  For the first week you're going to feel like a head-to-toe walking bruise.  But I've gone from 3 pullups to 8, and have dropped 3 lbs already.The workouts are so intense you will almost flinch at doing them.  But every time I feel that way, I go look in the mirror, and then I go do my P90X.  Tony brings it.  I'm looking forward to seeing what a year of it will do. I'm nearly 50 and out of shape, with goals of dropping a few pounds and getting back in some sort of shape. Thus far, I am really enjoying working out with Tony Horton and the crew. I like the way he encourages beginners to take their time, take breaks, and demonstrates alternate ways to do an exercise. It has been nearly 3 weeks, have not seen any weight lose but my clothes are already fitting better and I feel good. I recommend this product to anyone who is serious about making a change. As Tony says "Bring It"!  As I regular jogger, I wanted to incorporate something to work on my upper body.  I decided to try P90X.  In some ways I got more than I bargained for, I have found that my running has dropped off quite a bit since starting the program, but I think my overall fitness level has improved.  This program gives you a complete workout from head to toe.  If you follow it you will get results, but you will need to commit to at least 1.5 hrs per day/ 6 days a week.  The workouts have a lot of variety and are challenging so I have never felt bored.  I am half way through the 90 days and I can see and feel the results.  Even though the workouts are challenging, Tony Horton points out alternate techniques and advice on when to take extra breaks so that you can gradually work you way into completing the workouts.  Overall a great program. My husband would NEVER be caught dead using a DVD workout. He was a personal trainer and has always been a gym guy. Anyway, he actually gave this a try and won't stop talking about it. He thinks I'M going to do this with him but he's crazy. I am cool with the regular Power 90 but P90X is too advanced for me. I know my body. I cannot handle this! I really can't say enough about P90X. It is great workout routine. It is a series of 45min workouts (plus warm up and cool down) that covers everything from upper body, legs, cardio, abs, stretching and yoga. While P90X is best used by someone already used to working out and in reasonable shape each workout shows variations on exercises so no matter your level you can start. Obviously some common sense in modifying/skipping routines is applicable for those not starting out in good shape.P90X is also good for scaling up workouts. There are enough weight routines that it is easy to build some reasonable mass as well. Although in general P90X is best for those looking for general overall fitness as opposed to bulk bodybuilding.Tony and crew present clear instructions in an entertaining manner that did not get old over the three months of the program. A sensible diet guide is included and if you even vaguely follow the diet and stick close to the workouts you will lose weight and get into great shape over the 90 day program.You will need something to do pull-ups on and preferably a complete set of dumbbells but workout bands can be used in place of both of those without much difficulty and all exercises are shown with the bands.I am doing P90X3 now but plan to return to P90X once I finish that program. The exercises are just classic.If you are tired of your current workout or just looking for a new challenge you can't go wrong with P90X. P90X is the boss of exercise routines.  I've been on it since December and can not say enough good things about it.  Lost 25 lbs already and have increased my strength many times over.  Could not do one push up in December and in August am doing 15 "airborne" push ups!  Haven't felt this good in 35 years. I decided to buy this thinking it would give me incentive to use it rather than aquireing it in other ways. I don't have the time to do it every day right now, but since I'm not in the greatest shape to start with that might not be a bad thing. These are serious workouts esp if you are like me and not in great shape.If you take it easy when starting out it's fine though. The music is a little cheesy and the guy talks the entire time, but it all works and makes it go by pretty fast. I have never reviewed a product before, but decided this product was so exceptional that I would finally do so.  Since P90X was sold via infomercial, I expected that it would be easy and, quite frankly, pretty lame.  But I bought it because I work out at home and needed some new motivation to keep up the workouts.This is, without a doubt, the best workout product I have every purchased except for my BowFlex dumbbells.  I have been working out regularly for my entire life, and have done pretty much anything you can think of in the workout arena.  P90X surpasses it all.I have been using P90X as a supplement to my marathon training progam.  I run 2-4 days per week -- which means I use P90X 3-5 days per week (usually 3).  I have gotten through 5 "weeks" of P90X workouts (although it has taken me much longer than 5 weeks to get through them). The changes are actually quite stunning to me.You are supposed to do a base fitness test before you start using the product so you can see your changes.  I didn't do that.  Again -- I thought this would be a pretty lame product and since I was already in pretty good shape, figured there really wouldn't be big changes.  I very much regret that decision.I have noticed so many changes, but here are the big ones:1) I recently did a 5K obstacle-course race where I was faced with monkey bars going over a mud pit.  I have not been able to do monkey bars since I was in 3rd grade (I'm 48).  I did the monkey bars.  No problem.2)  My hamstring flexibility has increased so dramatically nobody in my family can believe it.  Before the program, I could barely touch the floor with my fingertips during the feet forward hamstring stretch.  My head is now 2" from the floor during that stretch.3)  My core is so tight that I have zero folds when I bend forward or sideways.  If I had done the nutrition program (which I am thinking about starting soon), I believe that I would have the same six-pack abs they show on the commercial.  Like I said, I'm a 48 year old woman.  Never expected that at my age.These are just the big ones.  There are many more changes I have noticed in strength, endurance, and flexibility from this program.The only negatives I have found with this program are:1)  The workouts are VERY difficult.  I would never recommend this product to somebody who wasn't already in pretty good shape.  There are still several exercises that I cannot perform AT ALL -- not even in the "modified" form.  I have decided that this is actually a good thing for me, because I am very motivated to work until I can do every exercise in the workout routines.2)  The dude is ANNOYING.  I put all the workouts on "silent with prompts" so I don't have to hear him talk.  I am also looking forward to the day when I can do some of the routines without listening to him at all.My daughter and I also sometimes do the "Insanity" workout from Beach Body -- which is an incredible workout in a totally different way -- and I love Sean T.In short -- I believe in this product 100%.  Given my experience with this and Insanity, I actually believe Beach Body's infomercials.  If you are in good physical condition and looking for a new workout -- BUY P90X!!! I am on day 15 of p90x program.  It seems to be working already!!!  I've lost inches and a few pounds.  Some days are 1 hour workouts and others are 1 1/2 hour workouts.  I feel more flexible and definitely more energized.  I would recommend it to beginners.  I do adapt some of the moves for my health conditions.  My knees don't like the jumping jacks so I jog.  You don't have to be very coordinated and I like the fact that the intervals are quick! I don't get bored, that's for sure. And I hate it.  (If you've already used the DVDs, you may be laughing, or that title may be so old the dinosaurs choked on it...)  I originally got these to try to lose weight (they were on sale), and they didn't do spectacularly well for me there, HOWEVER, I did keep pushing play and I DID lose inches in places where that was desirable, and gain them in some other important places.  So I've got that going for me.  I didn't buy the special mixes/drinks/beverages, and I sort of followed the nutrition guide, so that may account for my mixed review here.  Overall, I think the DVDs are great to have, IF you use them!  Keep pushing play, every day!  (And don't just stop after you do the post-90-day fitness test!) Tony Horton is surprisingly motivating.  I lost a ton of weight and I think became the most physically active of my life using these to train for my son's Boy Scout high adventure trip in the Rockies last summer.  I'm about to do it all over again, although BeachBody,com has newer products that take far less time. After several weeks of doing P90X with the diet, I am able to run and play with my kids again.  I have been tight all my life, day 14 I touched my toes for the first time EVER with a straight leg.  I have lost 9 lbs and feel much better.  Well worth the sweat equity.  I managed to lose quite a bit of weight on this program although I have since moved on to different things, but my boyfriend is still going strong 2 years later! He loves (and hates) all of the workouts, especially the cardio. I favored the strength training because, let me tell you, the cardio will kick your ass!As an asthmatic, I can tell you first hand that this is not easy on your lungs, and I can't personally recommend it, but if you are healthy, go for it. I had to use my inhaler multiple times, even on Advair, and I came very close to a full blown asthma attack once. Just be very careful.The workouts themselves are insane, but not so hard as to discourage you from participating. The first few weeks are hell: Sweaty, painful hell. And then your strength comes. I have never been able to do so many pull ups in my life (25 in a row, no assistance...and I'm a woman) For some reason, I felt confident on this program. I felt like I could do anything after one of Tony's famous 60 minute ass-whoopings!Tony is likable and humorous. You can tell he loves what he does, and his passion shines through. Normally, I tend to ignore the hosts of these programs, but he managed to engage me, and a few times, his words actually helped me push through.Personally, I found the food program to be totally doable. Some of the recipes were downright delicious (Steak and arugula salad, anyone?) This is definitely not a starvation diet. You will eat well. I think it's excellent because not only does the plan pack on the flavor, it teaches you to see food as fuel instead of a pastime. I usually hate diets, but I felt great on this one, it was quite an easy transition, and it didn't kill my wallet.I definitely recommend this for people (like me) who wish to tone up and lose a few pounds, and for people (like my boyfriend) who want to define and strengthen muscle. As lame as it sounds, this was a really fun couple's activity and it gave us a goal to work towards together.Try it out! I did the diet program that comes with P90X, along with some stretching for a month before I started the excersise program. I am on the last week of the workout program, have lost 42 lbs, had to buy a whole new wardrobe, and feel great. The workouts are hard, I could not complete many of the videos at first. They get somewhat easier, but anyone will find these videos challenging. It is a big time commitment, and a complete lifestyle change for most people, but well worth it. I would recommend it to anyone. I am on day 23 AND FEEL GREAT!This is the program for anyone looking to feel strong and athletic again.Remember to be ready to start.  You will need space in front of your tv, a pull-up bar and a set of dumbells.I am very impressed by this program. This program works.  If you stick with the diet and push through the soreness the workouts cause at first, you will begin to see results within two weeks of starting.  It is very difficult in the beginning, but it gets easier(not much) as you go along My husband and I did this 90 days religiously (before baby) and we saw beautiful results.  Someone actually said I looked svelt and that was awesome!  It is a time consuming program but if you stick to it, it works.  Now just a matter of finding time with a new baby.  Some day... We are very happy with our purchase of P90X. My 13.5 year old son is quite committed and this is due to the quality of the program. I love that Horton reminds him to not work beyond his capacity to ensure he is not hurt. Most workout programs do just the opposite and teens and adults end up getting hurt. I'm new to the program, but trying to build up my workouts.  Thought this one would be way above my means, but Tony Horton actually gives you excellent advice along the way about building up and what to do when your body is tired.  So far, so good.  Second week and I'm still on it!  Also comes with a lot of other information and tools to help you get where you want to be. I was skeptical, I have to admit, I know the effort it takes to get a body like the ones you see in the info-mercials.I read lots of reviews.Watched lots of you tube videos and finally decided to jump in and try P90x.Found a used "like new" copy on Amazon. BRILLIANT OPTION!!!Was very impressed with the packaging. It looks great. Supporting material is good, but has obviously been very hastily compiled and not proofed, because spelling mistakes and mixed up wording is a constant theme.Wife and I are now enjoying the program. Been using the Nutrition plan for 3 weeks. It is good. Was not too much different from how we normally eat. Only had to cut out breakfast cereals, increase the frequency of our meals and control portion sizes. Have tried quite a few of the recipe's, and although the spelling and punctuation are woeful, the actual recipes have been pretty tasty.Just finishing up our first week of the exercise. We have been sore. But that's a good thing. The exercise videos are excellent. We both love the count-down timer for each exercise and the whole workout. Tony is a good trainer, very laid back and doesnt bellow instructions or intimidate with unnecessary jargon.I also bought the pull-up bar directly from beach body, some resistance bands from Bodylastics.com, and a couple of free weights.All up, so far I am really happy with the investment. This totally works if you follow it EXACTLY. Not only does it take a significant amount of effort, but also preparation. Make sure you are healthly enough to start it, sounds strange but the dvds have a fitness test and a disclaimer that advises consulting a doctor before beginning a workout this intense. Some basic gym equipment is required for some exercises such as pull-up bar, hand weights, yoga matt. It's also heavy on it's included diet plan. Will not work unless you follow the exercises and the diet. p90x will kick your butt!  It is a great program.  Downfall is that they are 1 hour work outs.  With two toddlers that is ROUGH.  "I dont want to hear any excuses, from any of you"  lol, I tell myself that repeatedly daily.  Follow the program the best you can and you won't be disappointed. You may have to adjust your caloric intake. Mine was calculated to be 2500 calories a day but I had to lower it gradually to 2300 to see results faster. Noticeable results will come in the second to third phase. Worth every penny! I'm getting in shape for applying to the state police academy when I finish college, and I really am enjoying this program. I've always been rather thin even after exercising and lifting weights on my own but now, at about halfway through the program, I'm already seeing some real muscle gains. The variety is a strong point of P90X; rather than doing the same thing everyday there is karate, yoga, jump-training, etc. as well as plenty of classics like push-ups, pull-ups, and curls. There are also so many twists on the traditional techniques that even they don't get old - there must be at least 10 different types of push-ups! Mr. Horton strikes a good balance in leading the workouts, pushing you hard while at the same time understanding the different levels of fitness of the audience. His sense of humor also takes the edge off the exhaustion. While I'm always super-sore after the resistance workouts, the one I've probably had the most trouble with was the yoga! However, I've stuck with it and my balance and flexibility (already decent from years of karate) have improved enormously. When I do the workouts in the morning, I feel great the rest of the day and I've been thoroughly impressed with the program. I plan on continuing with it even after the 90 days and recommend it to anyone who meets the basic level of fitness required to start. Why pay a professional trainer $100 a month, when you can get in the best shape of your life? Its simple, easy to follow along and you definately SEE the results. I went from weak and 190lbs to strong and 155lbs. 28% body fat to 9% with the diet plan. This workout series is tough. But if you have a little motivation, stick to it, and do your best, it will definately change your life forever. Thank You Tony! I workout most days and I have for many years. I have just felt like I had hit a workout hump. I have used personal trainers and nothing has felt as much like a workout as this program. I have a love/hate relationship with it and that was exactly what I have been looking for! I love this workout and my whole body hurts after I do it... Love that! I've gone through this entire workout, and I've got to say I've gotten amazing results.It's an amazing full body workout, and if you have some home weights and a pull up bar then I highly recommend this. It's my favorite workout I've done so far, no complaints at all!What can I say? I'm in much better shape now, thanks P90x team! I plan on continuing with this workout program, I've already started on my second time through it! convinced to do this after watching all those late night infomercials, but it didnt seem like a fly by night product like some of the others. then discoverd colleagues that had big benefits from it.  I am finishing the first month (out of three) and am noticing the difference.  hope i can finish all three Excellent who doesn't want to go to gym and just do it at home. Perfect if you are just starting out... Also I like that this is a serious workout that you can do at home with minimal equipment. When it is cold out or you have children and making time for both you and your spouse to go to the gym is challenging, this is a very effective alternative.It is difficult but fact is I started seeing small bits of change after just a few days to a week. Following  nutrition plan helps a lot and you can see the difference. Still progressing and happy with the results so far P90X is a great workout! It is an extreme exercise tool but one can pick and choose which exercises to do or modify to suit the needs of the individual. It can be "geared down" to fit just about anyone. You can follow one of the routines for the 90 days as it was designed or just do a "freestyle" if you want and pop in the DVD of your choice for the day. Tony Horton is a fun and encouraging instructor. To me what's important for one's health is do something-get moving! Exercise and a healthy lifestyle are for a lifetime. The numerous DVDs in this program keep exercise fun and gives one choices. I'm 4 discs into it but it's already on the list of the hardest things I've ever done in my life. What were you expecting, that you watch some videos and lose weight? You don't have to keep up with them... do what you can. It took me 4 sessions to complete the yoga disc, at 1.5 hrs it's longer than discs 1-3 ... it's not just relaxing positions, if that's what you were thinking. After disc #1, shoulders and back, I ached for 5 days. I'm 54 and still very active but need to lose 20 pounds. Just yesterday someone asked me if I'm losing weight... 4 session-hours into it. The sessions are really terrific to follow along with even though I've never done a video workout thing before and wouldn't say I'm the type, but I needed some guidance and structure to motivate me; that's what this does. Tremendous variety, quick changes, it all makes sense, and is quickly addicting. Tony is a perfect personality for it. I don't know if I would have taken the plunge into the unknown for more than the $100 neighborhood, but now that I'm into it, I would be happy having paid a lot more... not sure what the magic number would be. I'm almost 45 years old & have been exercising semi-regularily for about 12 years.  I don't really struggle with weight, it's more an issue of overall fitness.  After watching a friend of mine work the P90X program I was inspired to try it myself.  I'm on day 33.  I can see some results (before & after photos), but I can really feel an improvement in strength and flexibility.  It's definetly not an easy program but it really does work.  I would recommend this product to anyone who wants to be in optimal physical condition.  In fact, this is the only review I've ever bothered to write.  (It may have something to do with how much time & sweat I've devoted to this program).  Good Luck!  Its called the Extreme Home Fitness workout program and it does give you an extreme workout.  Plan on spending a few dollars on the weights and bands you need.  Totally worth the money! Glad i bought it. Tony is encouraging, a little silly, but never scream-y like Jillian micheals can be. He does remind me of fire Marshall Bill. Excellent work out, fun and hurts e next day. It tells you exactly what to do, so there is no guessing or wondering. I love P90X. I am currently on week 7 and I've already seen great increases in muscularity, strength, and overall fitness, and I haven't even followed the eating recommendation it comes with. Tony is a great instructor who keeps it interesting so you won't feel bored even on your 3rd time watching/doing a particular workout. Warning, this workout is not for the weak. The people in the workouts are already fitness machines, but, if you can suck it up and like Tony says "keep pushing play" then you will reap the benefits. Also, I recommend some type of recovery drink even if it's not theirs because this workout will exhaust you, plyometrics nearly killed me the first few times. You will also need some dumbbells or resistance bands...I recommend dumbbells because the resistance bands just don't cut it if you are decently strong. This program is incredibly tough, but what would you expect for quick results?  You can easily modify the moves and mute the music/instructions since Tony's voice gets incredibly annoying.  However, I was able to keep up with the program without prior training. Say what you want, but we all know pull ups and push ups work.  I do not do the 6 days of week.  I lift weights once or twice a week, not per the P90X program.  I was in decent shape all ready.  Was able to do the program. On P90X you will lose weight, get ripped, and look skinny strong if that is what you want.  I love it for what it does and use it 4 days a week.  I do not do Kempo.  But the legs are good, Yoga is great, a little cardio, and the best is push ups and pull ups.  I highly recommend you do this program.  Forget all the technical reviews, positive or negative.  This is plain working our and anyone who does this will see noticeable improvement.  IT IS HARD, period.  And for the much needed narcissistic motivation, regardless of how good of shape you are in, your friends and family will notice.  In my case because I lost muscle mass and leaned up.  If you think your a badd ass, do this and prove it to yourself.  If you can do pull ups and push ups with these guys, well then you very well may be. I began this program, average guy of 43 years old not especailly in or out of shape. I just needed a program to do at home. First off, the product is well packaged and simple to follow. I found the meal guide very helpful in the way it was organized and more importantly it wasn't limited to what you could or couldn't eat. I like the way it's organizes different food categories with different values and then provides a budget. I really liked how there's an easy calculation to determine how many calories you should have base on your size starting out. I never felt like I was starving. I always had energy. There's a good variety. There's also a meal guide if you need recipes. But after while you can figure out for yourself to make your own creations. I didn't bother with the official protein bars and protien drink mix. You can certainly find something comparable at GNC or Vitamin Shoppe. I got results with Cliff bars and a shake mix that actually tastes really good, Fruitien Exotic Red Fruit.As far as workouts. They're tough, but not impossible. I thought they are reasonable. But it does take a big commitment of time. Especially tough for my schedule of a four 10-12 hour day work week. I managed. That is until I hurt myself. I don't blame the product at all. Each and every workout video has warm up stretches and cool downs. And they're always encouraging breaks if needed. Above all I believe strongly that safety is a primary concern on the videos and that I just over estimated my own abilities paired with my long days.It's about 6 months since I got hurt and I am almost ready to give it another try though I will be taking it easy on the yoga. Been doing it since January lost 20 pounds its now the end of February. Down from 183 to 163 now I'm no longer overweight according to the BMI. Created definition in my whole body. After 20 years of no exercise I'm now back to what I looked like in high school and college when I was weight training. Just remember a little at a time at first and you wont get through a whole CD the first few times you do em' don't get discouraged. My understanding is that Tony Horton was very obese at one time. I wanted to try P90X and had never really engaged in any sort of work-out routines. Personally, I was not looking to lose much weight, but just be more fit. The workouts are fun, but challenging. I couldn't do 1 pull up or more than a couple push ups when I started, so I was pretty out of shape even though I wasn't overweight. the workouts ARE doable, but you will be sore! I highly recommend it if you are serious about a new committment...it is about 1.5 hours 6 days/week. Even though it seems like a lot, I liked the fact that there was an 'end' to this workout program. You can then continue another round or maintain what you've done afterwards instead of starting to exercise and thinking "I just have to do this forever now". I highly recommend the program. P.S. we did the diet plan (as best we could) along with it (protein shakes, bars, recovery drink... the whole bit) and I would recommend that as well. Easy to follow workout that brings results. It changed my life for the better. My only regret is I should have done this sooner.Thank you! I never thought I'd be a person to enjoy a workout routine and diet as intense and crazy as this one is, but I ended up loving it. After over five years of not taking care of myself and being entirely too idle, I decided to get moving because I was tired of not liking my body anymore. Per the doctor I was 45 lbs over the weight they want me at for my height, and that's a lot when you're only 5 feet tall. I'd knocked off 5 on my own when my husband ordered this. I was skeptical really didn't want to do it, but then I decided what the hell and dived in head first.I'm not going to lie the workouts are crazy and intense. But I love the changes in my body. If you're serious about improving your body and getting in shape this product will definitely do it for you. But read all the material that comes with this so that you fully understand why you need to do it the way he has it set up. And why food is so important. But be prepared to sweat and to learn to hate yoga.  Getting started was tough but putting our minds to it and wanting to see results helped. In just 2 1/2 weeks I had lost 6 lbs and after 4 weeks I began to notice some results. I would definitely recommend this to everyone who is willing to put their minds to it and shape up or shed some pounds. This is one of the best home work out videos that money can buy. There are no shortcuts and this program keeps it honest. You want a great shape? You need to work for it. I used p90x for about 4 years and dropped over 60lbs at my peak. Just a fantastic program. I can't recommend it enough. Great exercise from day one. Tony knows how to motivate you and you will not get bored during the workouts. If you don't get results then I'm sorry but that's all on you. Many different exercises and techniques that are adjustable for ladies and men dependent on the type of body you want. My brother was given this by the VA and he liked it.  I borrowed his and within a week I was light years ahead of others going to the gym.  At first it will kick you rear and then it gets easier and easier.  Well worth the money.  Just get a heart monitor, yoga pad or rubber mats and yoga blocks. My husband and I have really enjoyed the P90X workout DVD's.  We have a very busy work schedule and by the time we get home the thought of going back out to the gym was far from appealing.  This way we both can do the same workout routine together in our home.  The routines are challenging for both of us even though we have previous experience working out. We are very glad we purchased this set.  We are only 4 weeks into the program and have already noticed increased strength and stamina.  The only difficulty we had was when we first ordered the disks from Amazon one of the 13 disks wouldn't work.  We had to reorder the disks from BeachBody and return the disk set to Amazon.  It was easy and we received a complete refund. Okay, here's the deal.  I've been doing crossfit training for one year and thought this would kick my rear.  It hasn't, but only because I need to adjust the weights I'm using.  We are in week two and I think I have everything at the proper level now.  I love the variety of workouts.  My body shape is slowly but surely changing (and I've had four children).  The yoga workout is a lot more strenuous than I thought it would be and I really like the plyometrics.  Tony Horton does a great job coaching and making sure you check your form.  I think we will be tackling the "doubles" workout for phase two. This is a great challenging workout and a good change of pace for me. Great product. This workout really does work. I was skeptical, but I have seen a difference in just one month! Best workout I have ever done!! So I have tryed every thing under the sun to get my body back after having my kids and nothing worked for me. I finally gave in an bought p90x a month an a half ago an lost 20 pounds so far. The workouts are fun and the diet is great an easy to follow.I recommend this to any one looking to get in to shape Ok, I have to say first off that I hate working out. Neither my wife or I are one of these sick people that enjoy going to the gym and repeating the same thing over and over, or running (BORING) or anything like that. I studied Karate for about 12 years a long time ago (I'm 43 now) but I haven't actively practiced for about 11 years now and I've been very, very out of shape and overweight. I dropped from 270 to 220-230, but I've been stuck here for a couple years. My wife is very small, and not very strong either. So we're probably fairly representative of the type of people that might be looking at this workout. All I can say is DO IT! I have some ADD issues and get extremely bored and frustrated with repetitive, boring, meaningless action. I lose focus and interest very fast. We are almost through week two and I haven't had any issues. The pace and change are rapid, with no single sequence taking more than 90 seconds of time.And I feel GOOD! Exhausted, but GOOD! I would certainly recommend that anyone looking at P90X take the fitness test prior to starting though. Recommended equipment: YogaAccessories 1/4" Extra Thick Deluxe Yoga Mat, and Resistance Bands. A pullup bar (P90X Chin-Up Bar) would be recommended, but if you get a good full set of bands, you can probably get away without it for a while. I did this 4 years ago, borrowed it from a friend, swore that if I do it again, I'd buy my own. So I did. Worth the money.I am into my 8th week -- hate yoga, not flexible -- working on it :)This works you -- pullups, pushups -- it's hard. Plyometrics (jump training) -- I got into distance running since doing this 4 years ago, and doing the leg routines worked me harder than training for a half marathon, so it's intense, we'll see how I do on my next run in April, I might repeat some of the routine when prepping for the race -- it's a great way to stay shape.Update 6/18Just looked at my review -- I finished the routine as I was supposed in 90 days. You should see my abs :) -- kidding, but yea it rips you up.After taking a break I'm back to doing 120+ miles per month of running. This is great for the winter, but with nicer weather, I guess running is more my thing.Also about a week after doing the routine a started trying to max out my push-ups -- after a few days I got to 160 straight -- crazy, before doing P90x -- 60 was my max. So the results are fantastic.  According to the shaving razor business model you pay next to nothing for a quality razor once and get soaked for high priced blades forever.Hand it to the makers of P90X. Their model hits you up front with $140 for DVD's and then tries to hook you with equipment, supplements even a monthly membership charge for the support site. Of course you are in no way obligateed to purchase the peripherals but after reading the printed material and going through the workouts even I am beginning to break down and considering buying more "STUFF".Bottom line is the workouts are incredible and the nutrition plan is top notch. Together with my husband, I'm about to complete month 1.  We've already seen improvements.  We feel stronger, healthier, and look better.  We've both lost pounds and inches, but at a healthy rate.The workouts are hard and energy-sucking, but at the same time Tony is motivating and fair.The diet is hard core, too!  Be ready to cut a lot of things from your meals.  On the flip side, you get to eat larger, more-filling meals because they are loaded with vegetables.  I recommend using the "portion approach" to your meal planning.  You'll save a lot of money doing so. When you read these reveiws your like Jesus an hour to an hour-and-one-half that is crazy but the dvds are broken down into little sections. You do like 2 minutes of push-ups then 2 of pull-ups. I think it works you hard enough to get good results but not tax your body so hard you quit. You may have a long work-out but when its not doing push-up 20 minutes straight then 20 minutes of something else it makes it doable. Also, that legnth of work-out includes the warm-up usually around 10 minutes. Buy this and do this you will thank yourself after just a few weeks! Coming in my fitness level was decent, I had just completed a half-marathon but wanted to change my body composition by adding more muscle and losing fat. My anaerobic fitness was not good and my upper body strength was poor, so starting out with the chest and back sequence was tough. The workouts, however, are fun and very different day to day. You will need to get some type of resistance, whether it's a band, set of free weights or something heavy to use for the upper body workouts, and you'll need a doorway pull up bar, other than that you're ready to go. I am a 35 year old man with a moderate fitness background that was looking for something structured to make me look better. This program certainly delivers with a variety of workouts that dont need a lot of equipment. You will definitely need to take care of yourself with great nutrition and sleep to balance out the physical portion of this system because you can burn out. It is tough but in all the right aspects. Be patient, focused, and determined. P90x will put you in the best body ever. I'm just starting the 2nd phase of this program and so far it has more than lived up to the hype.  This isn't for sissies and the key is consistency - so if you start something only to lose interest, this isn't for you.  I'm thrilled with the workouts and the changes I'm seeing in my physique.  I don't really follow the nutrition plan as I already had a good diet, but I can see where it could be helpful to those who need more guidance.  All in all, I'm a happy participant and can't wait to see how things continue to develop over the next 60 days. I have never been able to lose weight by going to the gym.  P90X, however, has found a great balance of workouts that make the pounds fall off!  I lost several pounds in my first week, and I continue to feel better and stronger. Excellent parchase. Nothing to complain at all. I've always excercised myself and had been reluctant on buying things like this. A friend recommended me and decided to go for it. It is my 30th day and have felt great. Seeing results. I just received my order this week, and I did the first day of the p90x Classic, which is 'Chest & Back' as well as the 'Ab Ripper X'. I am 5'3" and teeter between 128-135lbs. I have a small frame, and I did CrossFit for 2 years so I do have some good muscles/strength. If I eat completely pure, my body weight goes down to around 120 or less but the number is something I have stopped paying attention to for quite some time. As should everyone else. I simply put it on here to give everyone a mental image of myself. I have always tried to focus on how I LOOK and FEEL, and that is simply why I bought P90x. CrossFit is quite expensive, and my wallet cannot support such finances anymore. I've owned a kettlebell, pull up bar, jump rope and a couple weights but after some time, you get bored. So, I wanted to switch it up and did a few hours of research on P90x. I wanted some real results when it came to strength (without joining a gym), and look similar to how I did during my CrossFit days! After asking a few people what they thought, YouTube'd tons of REAL videos, because I refuse to believe infomercials, I was sold! :) The first set of work outs was not all that 'intense' so to speak, but more so challenging for me. I like to challenge my own strength, and the chest&back; did just that for me. The Ab Ripper was more intense in the 12 minutes than the entire hour of the prior, in my opinion! I am quite excited about the Plyometrics, as well as the others!!I don't really plan to follow the Nutrition Plan, as I already have my ways of eating. I don't agree so much with allowing in grains, even wheats, if it isn't necessary. But for some, I see why it would be helpful if you do not know how to eat properly, or just aren't sure what to eat to be on a good track! So far this program as been excellent for me.  I'm a guy who used to work out a lot but with the job and getting older had lost motivation and was in what I would consider the worst shape of my life.  I'm only 3 weeks into it but am already down almost 10 and feel much better.  The workouts are interesting and tough although not impossible although I have found the yoga to be quite difficult for me.  I would highly recommend to anyone who is serious about getting into shape but not so much for the casual person.The discs arrived quickly and in perfect condition.  Thank you!  This DVD set was a good price instead of buying directly from P90X.  Be warned this work-out is very difficult unless you are already in fit.  The best thing about it however is you can modify every work-out to suit where you are in the program.  A year later I am still doing my daily work-outs.  I have seen dramatic changes in my body.  I have muscles!!!  I feel strong and healthy.  I am eating better.  This is great for people of any age.  I am 55 and still going strong.  I would mention however that it is just as difficult now as it was when I started it a year ago because as you become stronger, you work harder on each DVD. Worth every bit of sweat! I used it for 3 months and i lost 35lbs. now i have to start round 2 and keep losing more weight, it is a great product. If you can't do the exercises don't worry about catching up with them, they tell you to do it on you own pace. For this product to work faster you need to buy on a strict diet, you don't need to buy everything they tell you because their products are expensive, I recommend to but GNC total lean products, they are cheap compared to other products and they will help you as long as you follow the instructions. Full disclosure: this program is not easy.Fuller disclosure: this program is ridiculously difficult.Fullest disclosure: this program WILL WORK... as long as you commit to it.My one regret with P90X has nothing to do with the quality of the program -- the DVDs are fantastic, the program is insanely user-friendly and not intimidating in the least to someone with little to no strength training background. The one thing I regret is not seeing myself through to the end of it during my first run. Ninety days is a long time, and there WILL be times when you want to give up. Unfortunately, I allowed myself to, after five weeks. Yet, even after only five weeks, I have never felt so healthy and strong as I did when I was doing the program. I will be restarting on February 1! I started regular P90 (not P90x) back in April after getting the shocking news that I weighed 198 lbs, up from the low 160s five years ago before I got married, started grad school, yadda yadda yadda. Who knew I had gotten so fat!? I was about to turn 30 in August and didn't want to become some fat old guy.So, I bought P90 because I was pretty out of shape and didn't think I could handle P90x yet. I was right, since P90 kicked my butt for the first couple weeks. But it worked, since I lost 20 lbs pretty quickly, as my endurance slowly improved. I also ate like a Buddhist monk for the first month, which I'm sure helped with the weight loss.Eventually, I got bored with P90, which is effective but VERY dull and repetitive. So I decided to move onto P90x. Good decision. The workouts are MUCH more fun, not to metion the set and camerawork actually seems modern rather than out of some 1970s workout video (sorry P90, it's true). I have never had, nor cared to have, much upper body strength (I was a soccer player and runner in school), so I focus my workouts on Kenpo (pretty easy), Cardio (pretty easy), Plyo (killer), Core (killer), and Stretch or Yoga to "rest" (I don't follow the suggested schedule). I still do the P90 "strength" video on occasion, and I do the P90 ab routine (20 reps) three times per week also since Ab Ripper X is brutal for me.I've managed to lose another 10 lbs, for a grand total of 30 lbs of weight loss since April (from 198 to 168). I lost four inches of waist size on my pants (from 38 to 34) and have a "four pack" of abs, and I feel great. I even eat like a normal person, have a few beers every week, and take one or two days off per week.Thanks Tony! If you're looking for results in a workout, P90X is it! You have to commit to doing each program everyday, and you will be guaranteed amazing results. After 2 days, I already saw a difference, quite incredible! The workouts are only as hard as you make them, always leaving room to increase your strength. They are both fun and challenging. This is the best and most effective workout program I've ever come across...even better than going to the gym! This program was everything that I expected and more. I was working out using exercise t.v before this program and needed more of a challange. I am almost done with my first month and I am getting comments every day about what was I doing to lose weight. I don't follow the diet plan but I do watch what I eat. I cut out sodas and juice. With that alone I am cutting out a lot of calories. I highly recommend this program for those that are serious. I am 52 years old and have been lifting weights pretty consistently for 30 years.  I have also done aerobics, sking, backpacking, windsurfing, etc., so I have always been in pretty good shape.  This P90X program is an awesome conditioning program.  It is VERY difficult, so if you are not in good shape, forget it.  This program focuses on core strength, felexibility, balance, and upper body strength, pretty much in that order.  I really love the Yoga X routine - I thought it would be easy - it is NOT!!  You will nor believe how hard you can work doing these movements.  Also, the Plyometrics program is fantastic, but REALLY hard.  I had to back off on that one a bit because of knee issues.Anyway, you can learn conditioning from P90X that you can use the rest of your life, even if you don't do the P90X routine more than once.  I highly recommend it to anyone who is pretty fit, looking for a change, and looking to improve their overall fitness. If you do the program and cut the junk food and fast food out then it absolutely works. My family and friends couldnt believe the difference. In 3 months I lost 20 lbs but more importantly I lost inches and 6 pant sizes, so I recommend this program to everyone and have gotten others started on it because I can prove to those in front of me that I have done it and it works. Its a great program and it is tough, as it should be to get the job done. I even gained some muscles which is amazing because I was so weak. And it was a great step for me as one and half years later I kept the weight off and am now a runner/cyclist and have lost a total of 60 lbs and I dont know where Id be if I hadnt started out with the p90x, im a big believer/advocate in this program. This is the first home workout video I have used. My wife and I use it since we're both too busy to make it to the gym consistently. The only complaint right now is we have a small set of home dumbbells we use but we need to change the plates constantly top change the weight. The programs themselves are fun and pretty tough. We've only been doing them for a month now but haven't gotten bored yet and I am definitely getting stronger. I'm a marathon runner and started P90X to build core strength following a hip injury. I think P90X is a bit over-priced but it does provide a complete balanced workout, and I'm seeing fantastic results. I've been weight lifting for 15 years so this was a natural step up in my stale routine. The first thing I noticed is where all my weak spots are because this workout covers it all. Also, plan on being sore and hungry all the time.  These workouts are great. If you actually stick to them you will get in great shape. And Tony Horton does a great job of being motivating without getting too annoying.I personally just found a couple of DVDs that I liked, and did those workouts a couple times a week instead of following the 90 day program and they did a good job of getting me into shape. Wow, these dvds will kick your butt. Great great workouts. Each of them are an hour. The yoga one is an hour and a half. I always feel so good after each workout. You do abs 3 times a week and other than that every day is different which I like because I get bored really quick. My husband and I are also following the nutrition program which I highly recommend. I already feel better in my own skin and it has only been 3 weeks. The workout routine has it all.  If you want a program that works every muscle in your body this is the one.  From curls and pull ups to yoga and cardio, this system has it all.  It is very well done and the routines are fun and challenging.  If does take dedication though, most of the workouts are an hour long and you will be dead tired if you push yourself.  But in spite of the sweat and tears the results will be evident. The workout videos are tough and geared specifically for those who are already fit but wants to achieve fitness to the next level. I would recommend this to someone who has lost 20 lbs. and wants to gain more muscle tone. I am already working out 5 days a week at a gym doing cardio classes like kickboxing and weight training class. I do long runs once a week outdoors. This workout is a great tool to break that plateau. If you are looking for a workout regiment that will boost your energy and physical physic, P90X will do exactly that.  At first I was skeptical, but now I am very impressed how the program organized everything from the exercises, to the meal plans, and the free online beachbody.com website that has free coaching and tips .  I saw results immediately and like I said before impressive. P90X is a challenging set of work out DVD's.  In 90 days the participant can feel a strong sense of accomplishment through each passing week with improvement of performance of the exercises in each DVD.  After the 90 days, the individual DVD's can still be incorporated into other workout schedules.  This was a good investment, I am still using the DVD's 3 years after completion of the first 90 days. I am a long time work out freak having been a 6 or 7 work-out a week man for my entire adult life (weights/running).  This is the only video workout routine I have ever tried and it is great.  Balanced and diverse, keeps you interested and allows you to push yourself as hard as you are willing to.  Nice change of pace routine if you are stagnating at the gym. The P90X was what was advertize.  The program will challenge you and it works on all areas of body development.  I don't think the program has the same level of intensity as Insanity but in the end the results are just about the same.  As a 50+ year old adult I find that the P90X more than meets my physical workout requirements. I've been lifting weights for years and had hit a plateau with my workouts.  I've been doing P90X now for 10 days and feel better than I ever have!  I'm also doing the diet with the workout and although it's tough to follow, it's working wonders!  If you are considering P90 and think you have the dedication/self control, go for it!  It yields amazing results! I love this workout program!!!  It is challenging but do able if you want it!  You will sweat your butt off!!  I am in week three and so far so good.  I can't do all the exercise but I'm sticking with it and have already noticed subtle changes in my body.  Give it a shot just be ready to commit to it.  The food guide is great too!  I love P90X! Tony Horton keeps it entertaining, which makes the time go by faster during the varied workouts. One of the greatest gifts I've given myself. I am a month in and seeing muscle and feeling a rise in my self esteem. Everything is laid out for you, all you have to do is get up and do it. Fun, challenging and rewarding. Really gets you going and is incredibly easy to follow. That is partially why I like it so much is because of how structured it is and the nutrition guide that comes with it. I would definitely recommend this to anyone on the fence about trying this program. I personally use a set of adjustable dumbbells and think that works great for this. I am only 3 weeks into it, and I have to admit that I am impressed with P90X.  I was a little concerned that P90X was just about appearance - looking good - but I am convinced that this routine will help me with performance in my favorite sport - cross country skiing.  I started doing P90X to get in shape because knee problems are preventing me from running, and P90X seems to be helping my knee!  All the stretching and strength-building is having a positive impact.  I also believe P90X will help my balance which is important for skiing. One negative is they don't explain very well how to do many of the exercises with bands instead of weights (I travel a lot and so can't use dumbells).  Also, the font in the book acompanying the DVD's is very small!  Overall, glad I got it and would readily recommend this product. I love, love, love this product!  I' ve had the set for over a year now. It took me some time to "think" myself into believing I could do the workouts. Started using it seriously about a month and a half ago.  I have lost 10 pounds and went down two sizes.  I can definetely tell that my strength and stamina have increased.  The workouts are NOT easy!  I am in my early 40's and had a hip replacement 4 years ago. Tony is very motivating and funny.  I follow the workout plans as instructed and workout 6 days a week. I never knew how to workout, I only knew how to run until I did P90X with a friend. I had always heard about how INTENSE it was and figured that I could never do it because I had never worked out in my life. I found that I could not only survive, but thrive. I lost 10 pounds and gained a lot of muscle tone. P90X has revolutionized my understanding of exercise, dieting, and standard of living. Anyone who is in good enough shape to exercise can do P90X and I hope many choose to do so. Product rocks.  I am a month in and am seeing the results!  Smaller waist.  Bigger legs, arms and chest.  Cardio is amazing.  Get ready to Bring It cause it's an *#^ kickingly hard workout.....  I'm sold on it.  Never felt more energy!  And by the way, Tony Horton is a straight up warlock! You work this system, you will be ripped!  Nuf said!  You could pretty much eat whatever you want so long as you maintain w/ the system.  I mean if you want to get umber, dubber, ripped then follow the diet.  But having a slice of pizza w/ some ice cream every other week doesn't hurt. I got the product amazingly quick, firstly.  My boyfriend and I have been at it for a month and we're both seeing DRAMATIC results!! Amazing seller, amazing product. AMAZING!P90X Extreme Home Fitness Workout Program - 13 DVDs, Nutrition Guide, Exercise Planner Great workout program!  Enough variety to keep me interested.  I have had a problem doing the workouts everyday due to time constraints with my schedule but I am still seeing results.  Can't wait for a time in my life that I can devote the hour plus a day to see maximum results. I love p90x because it is an extremely well balanced program that improves your strength, cardiovascular health, and flexibility (as well as your confidence and well being). It can be taken with you and done anywhere and allows you the freedom of not being tied down to a gym. Although it seems like an expensive investment initially, it practically pays for itself if it is replacing a gym membership and is obviously cheaper in the long run.The main appeal of this system is its streamlined simplicity: you only need some dumbbells/resistance bands, a pull up bar, and preferably (but optionally), a yoga mat. Technically you don't even need all of those items as the whole program can be completed with just resistance bands. If I could describe the workouts themselves in one way it would be that they respect the customer and as a result demand respect. What I mean by this is that they are challenging enough that you most likely will not be able to complete or match the content initially (or even probably after completing the program once). The beauty of this is it stresses you to not compare yourself to the cast, but instead to your past self when tracking your progress. In fact, you shouldn't even care that you cannot keep up initially, as long as you challenge your norm and concentrate on doing the exercises correctly even if it means not being able to do as many reps.It's good to note that following along with the DVDs the first time will be slow and some rewinding will be required to get the exercises down, but you'll quickly pick them up and won't need to stop and learn as often. One other issue that I've heard and read about is that the workouts are too long even though almost all of them are an hour (save for yoga which is an 1.5 hours) long. I think this complaint arises not from the actual time but the amount of exercises that is crammed in that time. However, I've found that having a set time to follow along with keeps me from unconsciously taking longer breaks and wasting time deciding what exercise to do next when exercising by myself. This applies more so to people with gym memberships as it completely eliminates the time spent driving to and from the gym.To summarize, this program is excellently constructed to increase all aspects of overall fitness. It can be tailored to individual needs and goals and as a result I personally feel like I've reached a higher level in my athleticism and I have been able to apply that to any physical activity I pursue.  So I had 90 days till my wedding and decided to use them to do p90x! So far, I'm almost through phase 1 out of 3. No major "results" yet except that I feel superstrong and proud. I'm doing the eating plan as well as classic p90x workouts and I'll warn you not to expect to drop a ton of weight doing this, because you really have to eat enough (lots of protein!) to fuel your body for the workouts. You will, however, find yourself eating lots of healthy unprocessed foods, you'll never go hungry, and you should feel pretty great physically and mentally. We'll see how phase 2 and 3 go, but I hear you can expect some visible results around week 6 or so. What I love best about this program is Tony Horton. He is hilarious! Unlike other fitness instructors I've encountered, when he's cheesy, he knows it, and it provides a necessary break to the intensity of the workout. He also knows when to be serious, though, and that helps you to take yourself and p90x seriously, which is probably a good idea if you actually expect to do it 6 days a week for an hour plus! I would recommend you set your alarm early and get your workouts out of the way so you don't have to spend your day stressing out about what's coming later. That's been my approach anyways, and once you get used to those 5:30 wakeup calls, it's not too bad. One word of caution, and I read this in other reviews and didn't really believe it, when I received my first copy of p90x from amazon, the discs were a disaster, skipping all over the place and visibly scratched up. Even the books were well worn. After a couple days of frustration, I called amazon and they were able to send me out a new copy (free next day shipping) so my workouts didn't get too messed up until I could get the crappy copy returned. The person on the phone couldn't justify why they would sell me a used copy at the new price, but I just kinda went with it because, like I said, I only had 90 days till the wedding. So if that happens to you, don't be shocked! Just get on the phone stat! This workout really works.  You better be prepared to get your butt kicked when you start however.  One thing that I love about this product is I can do each workout with my wife just using different amounts of weight and reps.  It really helps motivate you to do ths with a partner.  We both got people at our respective jobs to start the program at the same time as well as our personal friends, and it has been great to have that support!  This is not easy at all, and you have to stick with it to get your results, but trust me, they will happen!  Tony is funny and motivating during the workout and keeps things light hearted.  I also found free weights easier to use than the bands. Don't listen to the people that say you need to be in shape to use this.  During the instruction, if you can't do the excercises they give you altered excercises to get you through until you can do the others.  If you want to lose weight or just get in shape, buy this! awesome program, I went from 172lbs and 19% body fat to 174lbs and 8% body fat in 10 weeks of the program. that being said im on the last 2 weeks now and I would recommend this to anyone that has the time to use it.pros, you get results like you never expected (if you follow the diet and actually workout with the program)cons, each workout is about an hour and a half long. i recommend this to anyone wanting to Bulk up and gain muscle, if you need to lose weight this will help to. Make sure you do it in the Morning though, gives you tons of energy for the work day. Very intense and you'll be challenged like never before. This workout program is no joke. If you want to get in shape, feel better about yourself, and make better lifestyle choices, give this progam a shot. If you find it hard to motivate yourself to even put the dvd in, don't bother wasting your money. I have found this to be a huge time commitment. I work full time and have a young dog with tons of energy. It isn't easy coming home from work and putting an hour plus long workout dvd in. Though I'm the type of person who can easily motivate myself which is why this program has worked so far for me.You will be sore. There hasn't been one day during this program in which I have not felt some soreness. After the first 3 workout dvds, I could barely walk. The work outs are tough to get through, but the exercises are easy to follow.The nutrition guide is handy and provides some great recipes and advice.You should make sure to have different weights. For instance I have been using 20lbs, 15lbs, 10lbs, 5lbs, and even a medium band. I later purchased a chin-up bar which I never use, but the boy does. Everything else recommended would be nice to have if you were built out of money, but is really not necessary.Overall, I have really enjoyed P90X. It isn't for the faint hearted. You should be at least familar with exercising and in decent shape. If you decide to purchase this program, I highly recommend getting a generic whey protein supplement. In addition, I've had to modify some of the workouts due to lower back problems. The key is to just keep moving, don't stop. Great product, tough yet fun workouts, great extras such as the nutrition guide and calendar. I've used a number of other home fitness programs, many of which produced good results. However, P90X has more than exceeded my expectations. The workouts are tough (in a good way!), and I always leave feeling like I've "brought it." The Yoga X and Kenpo X routines are by far my favorites. I dread Core Synergy, but only because it pushes me to my outer limits. I highly recommend P90X, and I plan to move on to X2 after completing the program. One of the hardest things I have ever done in my life.  The first two weeks were difficult, but after that you find yourself wanting to do the exercises.  The hardest workout I thought was yoga.  After 90 days I saw great results and dropped 18 pounds. I think this is a great program. I am a single mom who does not have time to go to the gym before or after work. So I am able to work out right in my own home with some flexibility. Still get it done and feel so much better afterwords. I am a little less than my 30 day mark but I can already see the changes in my body and stamina. It's not easy, but nothing ever is that worth it.  I wish I wouldve done it years ago. P90X is definitely an extreme workout.  The variety is immense and will keep your body working and asking for more.  Yeah you'll be sore, but it is worth it.  Everything you need is right on the discs.  Follow the plan and you can't go wrong!  The P90X workout is the real deal--but you must do the work.  Within in two weeks you will see a difference.  Go through two cycles (180 days) and your body will be transformed.  Horton's approach is holistic, incorporating yoga and core work, that addresses both physical and mental aspects of exercise.Do not hesitate!  Buy this.  Do the work. See the results. This is a great workout for someone who wants a challenge. You definitly want to be in pretty good shape before you begin this program. This is not a workout for someone who has never exercised before. I have been working out for a few years and I needed to be challenged and this workout does just that. I highly recommend getting the free workout sheets and using them to track your progress and to help you advance. The only downside to this program is that it is very time consuming. You need an hour and 15 min per day for the workouts. This is a level up from P90 but still follows Tony Hortons style of training. Every day focuses on different parts of the body where as P90 focuses alternating cardio and weights. Has a nice food and nutrition guide to follow along with a booklet that breaks down all of the excercise moves. Overall a really great, complete work out program. I am very happy with my purchase. It pushes you but also allows you to modify moves if you aren't an P90x expert yet.  Love it. I've done one month so far and see results. Definitely helping me with my weight loss and tone up goals! Everything it was advertised to be. A great work out with a lot of variety. Hurts a bit at first and some of the moves take a while to learn if you lack coordination but I saw great improvement in myself by the second week allowing me to focus more on form and breathing. I had a friend and associate send me the original DVD's...I wore them out, while getting into the best shape of my life. So I re-ordered the entire set. This is not an easy work out program...but trust me, you will be glad you made the journey. seller was quick to get it in the mail, and the description was accurate. So far the system is working!!! The nutrition plan is a good guide line for what nutrition you need, but not very creative recipes in it, you can find better stuff online. Other than that it's great! The package I received was in perfect condition and I could not be happier with the purchase. p90x is a tough program and you have to be devoted. I am an athlete and it kicked my behind during some of the exercises. Purchased the P90X and absolutely LOVE it!!  I consider myself to be in pretty good shape (jog 31/2 miles, weight train, etc)however found that I had plateaued and needed something that would challenge me. I can say that the P90X does just that and it's fun.  I enjoy doing something different everyday and look forward to the burn and sweat.  I think the main reason why is you see results quick!!  Started seeing mine in the 3rd week.  Was able to download the workouts from beachbody.com and get any answers I needed.  For anyone looking to get in shape this is the way to go! I'm only 3 weeks into the P90X program and I can already tell a difference in my body.  I'm an ok fit woman who runs regularly and has competed in several marathons and half marathons, but I recently hit a plateau that running alone couldn't fix (running alone wasn't giving me that toned look I want).  Since I've been doing the P90X workouts (I'm doing the Lean program), I feel stronger, leaner, and more confident.  I know that sounds like a cheesy commercial, but it's true!  For those of you thinking about buying this, the basics are that you work out for an hour to an hour and a half every day for 6 days a week, with one rest day.  Many people have posted that if you do ANY workout for that long 6 days a week, you'll get into shape.  I agree that's true - but I've done a lot of workout DVD's and this program is more fun and more challenging than many other DVD's out there (yet most beginners who are in average shape can do the workouts with the modifications in the beginning), so you'll see results.  Plus, with so many different DVD's, you won't get bored as fast (I get bored with workout DVD's really quickly!)  So, my summary is that, if you stick to the program and try your best, you will see a fitter, more confident you at the end of 90 days.  Will you look like the guy/girl on the box?  Probably not, but MUCH BETTER than when you started.  It works if you work it.  The best part of the workout program is the variety.  Each day is something different.  It keeps it interesting; keeps it fun; and makes it easier to succeed.  Highly recommended. If you can stick with the program, it will change your life.  I've done the P90X program a few times now and I'm in the best shape of my life.  I wish I could go back in time and shove this box into the hands of my 18 year old self!The program certainly requires a significant amount of time, but it is time well spent.  Thank you Tony Horton! There's nothing magic about this program, but it works. The workouts are a good length, and are scalable so that I've been able to keep pushing myself every week. I would definitely recommend to a friend. An excellent way to get/stay in shape. The program hits everything including stretching,cardio,muscle training,and diet. Its cheaper than a gym membership and it will definetly work if you stick with it. This workouts are amazing. The DVDs all worked. I loved Tony Horton's banter in the video; it kept me motivated and interested. Its all worth the wait and the price. And the resluts are already showing. Love P90X. I was told how hard it was and that I wouldn't be able to keep it up - but I'm going 5 weeks strong and it's great. I feel so good after finishing a workout and I'm already seeing results! I have been trying to find something that would challenge me that I can do at home anytime.  I LOVE this program!!!! I would recommend it for anyone. It's a challenge but it is so worth the effort!! I love p90x and was actually able to start seeing results in 3 weeks! This program really works if you can stick with it. I would recommend it to anyone looking to better their physical health! The whole program, including the diet, and routines, is great.  Its not amazing science - eat less, lower calories, exercise every day, and vary your exercises to involve your whole body = results.  But the videos are great, motivational, for every level of fitness, and many of the recipes are delicious. I completely changed my body in 90 days.  If you stick with it and do the program, once 90 days are over, you're guaranteed to see amazing results. It's not easy but it's only 90 days.  Three weeks in so far and off to one heck of a start.  The first 2 weeks was all about feeling muscles you never knew you had.  Definitely expect to become fit doing these routines. Awesome intensity! I love it! I made a commitment to myself to follow the routine and (I know this sounds corny but) I have noticed the difference after only one week! It's great! I can't believe it took me this long to buy P90X and I'm a fitness junkie!I've done so many of these exercises in the gym, so I know they work, but to have them so genius-ly organized and with a host so lovable and encouraging, I feel like I cannot NOT get results from this program! I literally crave getting up and popping the day's workout in. I am hooked!This with my Sweet Sweat sweat band, my Sweat Sweat magic ointment, my Paleo goodies, and my Bowflex adjustable dumbells are going to have them calling me Mizz Incredible Hawk!! We know alot of people that have px90 and they all have lost a good amount of weight using px90 ! I have lost 80 lbs in 1 yeah using px90 ! I am SOOO happy with the results !!! Perfect product for those needing a boost in their workout.  Not too easy, not too difficult.  It will make you work and sweat which is good.  The nutrition guide is good but for me (a woman) it is a lot of food.  I have not lost much weight on it so I am having to adjust my diet to fit me.  It does work well for my husband.  Warning!  It involves a lot of cooking. In a society looking for quick fixes, P90X stands out as a testament to hard work and paying the price for results.  For example, the chest and back routine primarily consists of push ups and pull ups.  LOTS of them.  You should be in somewhat good shape before you start the program, however, or you may find yourself struggling.  I ran for 3 months before attempting the program and it definitely helped.  I was a bit gassed after the first workout but I've been able to do them w/o issue since.If you do the routines AND follow the nutrition program you WILL like the results.  Tony Horton actually makes it fun. I can't put my finger on it, but he never stops talking and most of the exercises are between 30 and 60 seconds with decent time in between.  What can't you do for 60 seconds?If you want to get bigger you WILL need a good set of dumbbells and they are not cheap.  You can substitute bands but I don't feel like I can get the same effect with bands.  You'll also want a mat and pull-up bar.If you want to get in the best shape of your life, I can't recommend P90X enough. I don't even know how to workout in a real gym because I never have but I've finished the p90x program three times and working on my fourth now. It's tough but really the hardest thing to do is start. I had the program for about four months before I finally got myself motivated enough to try it and been hooked ever since. Nobody can do it for you. As a disclaimer, I have only tried the yoga video.  I rarely went to a yoga class before I started the P90X regimen.  A friend of mine told me that his back felt better after he did the yoga video, so I decided to try it out.  It has worked wonders.  My back hasn't hurt me for one month.The yoga video is 1.5 hours but since I rarely have a block of 1.5 hours to exercise, I have only finished one hour of it.  Tony's video is wonderful because it is designed for a fit individual, not someone who rarely or never goes to the gym.  The first hour includes many stretching and strengthening exercises.  It is a workout in itself.  I plan to finish the rest of the video and will update my review when I do.I have finished the first 1 hour of the yoga video at least fifteen times.  While Tony's jokes get a bit old, I never get tired of the yoga sequence.  It includes enough variety that it does not become boring after repeating it multiple times.I highly recommend Tony's yoga video and will update my review when I try more of the P90x tapes. These exercises are great. I like that the instructor is encouraging but urges you to use common sense and not overly strain yourself. I also like that there is a gauge to show you how far you have gotten through the workout and how that shows what level you are at. Plus, he has pauses for you to write down your stats, so you don't have to pause over and over. very appreciated. I've been checking out Tony Horton's YouTube channel too, and really recommend it. There are some demo videos if you want to test the waters. The P90X workout is hard to beat. If you follow both the diet and exercise plan, you will definitely see results! This workout set was exactly what I was looking for to get in shape for my wedding, and I was more than pleased with the results. The cost of the set is definitely worth it.  If you are wiling to commit to health and fitness then get this. If you are not then do not. This is an intense workout for people who are committed to a lifestyle change. It works for those who commit! This product will return to you what you put into it.  I can say the workouts are tough but very reasonable and several are actually fun!  You need to be able to move around and handle about a hour workout to do this.  Best part is the gain I have gotten in mobility since I've started this.  Easier to stretch and just feeling better. I bought this product tired of gym and of being out of shape for years; in three months I was ready for my first triathlon. I am 32 and I only got 10 minutes from a friend who's 22 and just graduated as an officer of the US Marine Corp...not bad for an old 10 cylinder! Anyway I can workout pretty much 3 times a week (top) and this program made me loose fat weight in favor of muscles; sometimes I wonder if I would had the time to stick with it as it's supposed to! It is a great product but I only recommend it to those who have a past as athletes (I was a 14 workouts a week rowing ass kicker); although my wife loves the kempo, cardio and the ab ripper even if she was not a full time athlete.I went back to try my pants that were too tight and now they fit great... some are even looose!I strongly recommend this product, even if you can't stick with it 24/7 you'll get results and you'll be happy!Overall the best investment in the fitness area of my life. Down with the gym! If you want results, don't have time to go to the gym, or just don't like to go to the gym, this is a fantastic, low-impact workout routine that is guaranteed to get results if you follow the routine and push yourself.It's no revelation that working hard will get results, but this set of DVDs makes it easier to track what you've been doing, and it gives a set routine that I think makes it easier to push yourself and quantify just how hard you're working.  You don't need to spend money for a video workout routine if you have the discipline to just do it on your own, but I will say that it certainly makes it easier to get motivated when you have something to go by.I can't stand Tony Horton, and a lot of the videos are annoying, but who wouldn't think someone is annoying after you've heard them say the same thing 50 times.  I turn everything off but the cues and roll.  I would recommend this to anyone who doesn't have a routine and wants to work hard to get in shape. I have never thought I would have enough self motivation to workout intensely at home, but with P90X I have all the material and motivation I need. It was about time someone puts together a complete exercise and nutrition program that makes sense and does not make the users feel they are being cheated. Every week I become more fond of this program and finish every workout satisfied with my achievements.If you are considering buying P90X, do not think again, just do it. You will save hundreds in gym memberships and you will discover the fun of challenging your body and mind beyond belief. If you like working out with people around, you can always invite friends or family to join you. I tried this myself with my girlfriend, she loves to join me for the yoga and kenpo workouts. That being said, give it a try, BRING IT!; make the folks at P90X a little richer, they are bright enough to deserve your hardly earned cash. I doubt you will regret. The DVD's are great. You will need a variety of weights for this, so it's best to buy an adjustble weight set, and a pull-up bar. It's a great program, but Tony can get a little annoying due to you hearing the same phrases over and over again, but overall a great product. It's not a walk in the park, so take your time with this product if you buy it and the results will come. This is a really great program!  First off you need to be committed and in pretty good shape to begin with because this is hard.  Tony Horton really knows his stuff and is very entertaining so the workouts flow very nicely.  My wife and  are doing the program together and are doing our best to stay on his schedule.  After completing 6 weeks we have both seen major changes in our physique.  We are both stronger and have more energy during the day.  The workout is based on variety and that part makes you look forward to each different workout.  So if you want to get in really good shape and are committed, this is the best workout I have done in 15 years of exercise.  We had trained in the past with a personal trainer and this is actually more fun and I believe we're getting better results for overall good health (strength, stamina, flexibility, balance).  So if you are ready for an intense workout this is definitely for you so "bring it". This is the most intense workout I've head.Enjoy Every minute of it.You burn and you see results fast.I use to love to work out but had a knee injury after two years of recovery getting back to this is AWESOME.I see/feel my legs getting stronger. Love the various forms.I stick to what I can do without causing much pain to my knee and boy do I love this.I look forward to the 90th day and more. Started on Classic plan to do the double routine after 90 daysHOORAH. The package arrived promptly and was packaged well - the content in it were intact.As for the product: I love P90X - it is great. LOVE Tony Horton. The thing with the dvds is the instructor should be motivating and fun to look and hear to.He is awesome and can make the workout fun - and even before I know it I am sweating EVEN IN THIS BRRRR WINTER. Keeps you motivated.  Gives you alternatives to most of the routines in case you are a beginner.  Would recommend it to all my friends,  The P90X workout videos are everything I expected they would be.  I was looking for diversity and variety in a home work out video system.  Diversity in the training method - I have always used and believed in the concept of "muscle confusion" to keep your body from limiting its genetic potential.  Every body has a "natural" max-range of growth - it is built into your specific DNA blue print.  Muscle confusion helps you achieve your max-potential in the most efficient way possible and gets you results fast.Variety in the workouts.  Variety also plays a role in muscle confusion, but more importantly to me it keeps me from getting bored.  You will have an opportunity to try Yoga, Plyometrics, Kickboxing and Synergistics.  All of these activities, combined with the rudimentary workouts (pushups, pullups etc...) make for a fun and effective home workout routine. I have always been skeptical of any fitness product sold via infomercial.  In fact I have never bought one.  I've completed 6 half Ironmans and a full IM.  But after blowing my shoulder up skiing and having rotator cuff surgery to repair a massive tear, I spent a year just to get back to "normal".  I traded some messages with an old college friend that was almost done with the 12 week program and had nothing but good things to say.  I needed a goal / something to kick my butt.  And I found it,  It's not a gimmick; not 8 minute abs, not 11 minute insanity work out. Each session is 60 to 90 minutes long.  Lots of push ups, sit-ups, pull ups and lunges.  No BS . Great combo of flexibility and strength.  Tony Horton stays on the good side of the motivation/annoying line as the trainer.  Highly recommended for those who want to bring it to the next level. I started doing p90x in February and am in the best shape of my life now.  I haven't had the infomercial transformation, but I'm getting closer everyday.  One thing I didn't realize when I first purchased this series was the extras you would need to get the full workout.  So just so you know, you do need a pull-up bar and weights (I tried resistance bands at first but settled on two sets of adjustable dumbbells).  But you can get cheap versions of both of those online (do not go for their versions, vastly overpriced).Overall an amazing workout.  Just for reference I haven't consistently worked out since Freshman year of high school (I'm 25 now) and I was able to pick this up and do about half of the workouts for the first few weeks.  Almost 9 months later I'm now doing the full workouts and will definitely be meeting my fitness goals by spring :) Good value, user friendly, well put together!!If you use it you will see results and feel better!!Strongly recommend it!! Really great workout with a lot of variety.  The only complaint I have is that I wish all of the workouts were of equal length, that way it would be easier to find a consistent time of day to fit my workouts in (workout lengths range form just under an hour to around 1.5 hours).  I'm going to be honest, I haven't been following the diet plan that comes with the kit, but I have been doing the exercises and I am definitely feeling that my physical fitness level is improving. I bought this workout program because I wanted to get back in shape but didn't want to have to go to the gym or wait in line to use the gym equipment, as you do when you go to any gym most of the time.At first I was a little skeptical about it as to if it was really gona do anything that will be really challenging like they show in the commercial on TV, but after my 1st workout, I was really surprised and happy that I bought it.You do need to buy the pull up bar and some weight (or resistance band) to be able to do the program but that's an investment for life, I bought it 2 years ago and the program is still going strong, still challenges you.If there's one workout program you should buy, go for this one and you won't regret it, it's gona be tuf to keep up but "No Pain No Gain" and you'll feel so much better that you did. I'm so happy that I bought the P90X. It's the best workout I've ever done.  I've already noticed a huge difference in my body after only 2 weeks.  The muscle confusion concept is spot on.  The DVD rotation makes it so that you don't get bored.  I'm actually excited to go home everyday and work out.  It's the best part of my day.  Remember to go at your own pace though and for the first week I would not recommend using weights so that you can learn Tony's exercises and get your form down first.  I would also recommend having a recovery drink after you work out. I really needed it.  You want a 4:1 ratio and you can either order the P90X drink or buy one on your own.  I bought Endurox R4 at GNC.  It has the same ratio that the P90X drink does and it works great!  It will make a HUGE difference in how you feel after you've been Bringin' It hard for an hour.  You'll recover faster, you'll feel less sore and you'll have more post workout energy.Buy it! Do it! Bring it!  You won't be sorry.......! Its an amazing thing what these videos will do. It makes you hurt where you never thought you could and the results of doing the videos are also amazing. I would recommend a pull up bar and weights over resistance bands for more accuracy on the work out. The first week is kind of depressing because its hard to do everything but by the second week you will see a tremendous difference in how much more you can do compared to the first week. Some people will always notice that they don't do much better in the following weeks but if you really try your hardest to do everything on the video, it really is amazing how much more you will be able to do all the time. All it takes is discipline and a want for a better change to do this. If you have both of those then you will for sure see a difference you never thought could happen. This is a great system.  Enough different workouts so you don't get board.  I can't wait for the next day.  Of course, I have my favoritesm but they're all good, and they're all tough.  you won't be able to do them all 100% for a while,but keep trying.  you will definitely get in shape.The big challenge...you have to find time to do it.  I'f youre like me, an hour a day is tough to find, and I find myself moving the schedule around a little bit.  Keep track of what you do with the calendars and you'll be fine.I got this through Amazon and the One Store.  Don't by this (or anything) from the One Store.  I didn't get the documentation of any of the other literature (Calendars, Schedules, Log Book, Nutrition Guide, etc.) and the One Store never returned any emails.  I filed a claim with Amazon and got my money back.  Purchased the complete system elsewhere.  Amazon came through.Buy the P90X system and you will love yourself for doing it, and love the way uyou will feel and look. This is one of the best video workout sets I've ever used.  It has a great variety of workouts so you don't get bored doing the same routines over and over.  It's not easy, but you get out of it what you put into it.  Can't say anything negative about p90X. This is an amazing workout regime! I am a full time student and find it hard to keep up, but I am going to have to make time for it, period. It works but you have to show up to make it work. ...I am in my early 40's, don't work out much, but am in reasonably good shape prior to starting this program. The workouts are strenuous and very targeted, but you can go at your own pace. I cannot complete any full set at this time. Tony Horton is a good presenter / motivator, the video makes you want to do the exercise. Even if you do this every alternate day, I think there will be some benefits to overall health. The key is to make the first plunge, and then it becomes a habit. I have given up my daily TV, and start around 9pm after the kids are off to bed. You will sweat a lot, so bare floor with a yoga mat would be recommended. A protein drink helps tremendously, I got Combat. Each DVD is about an hour long, but it does not feel like it if you get into a routine. I almost did  not buy it because my wife mentioned that everyone who got it at her work would up selling it due to the intensity of the workout. Don't let that scare you.The DVDs are copy protected, I could not make a backup using my computer. I did not have any issues with quality, they seem to play fine so far.Best of luck. Great workout! It gets you strong fast and helps you to lose a bunch of excess fat as long as you eat right. I love it! Awesome workout! Our whole family is doing together every night.  We motivate each other.. We hate it but we love it! I'm on the second week of P90X and the workouts are extreme but you definitely know you are burning calories.  Teamed up with a friend to do the program and we push each other everyday to stick with it....I love it.  Can't wait to see the 90 day results!!! For most of the year, I focus on triathlon training to stay in shape. I got this set to have something new and interesting to use for cross training in the winter. So, I never completed the recommended '90 days to get in the best shape of your life' program, but I used different workouts a few times a week in conjuction with my normal routine. The workouts are fantastic, and very challenging. The Plyometrics and Core Synergistics workouts are my favorite. I would not recommend this set to a beginner or to anyone who is not currently able to complete at least 30 minutes to an hour of fairly intense cardio. If this is you, I would start with something else first and work your way up. For athletes and those who are looking for something new and challenging, this is it! I bought this as a birthday gift for my son. He and his friend used it daily for several months and they look great! I started P90X about a year ago, and it is the workout dvd I go to when I want a good workout. LOVE LOVE LOVE it!! I bought P90X as a gift for my husband but started using it with him.  We are both in good shape and consider ourselves above average as athletes.  Even with all that, the discs are a challenge and it seems almost impossible to get through all 90 days without interruption. I experienced low back pain as did a friend of mine that competes in triathlons.  We both had to quit before the end of the course to let our backs recover.  I think the discs are good to use in conjunction with another workout regime, such as swimming, yoga and pilates.  Building up bulk without stretching and building your core can be dangerous.  That being said, the discs have their place.  I use them all but only about 30 minutes of each with the warm-up and cool down. This is a fantastic work out. I don't have the time or motivation to follow it exactly as you are supposed to, but if you do, I can imagine you'll get great results. Even with using it less frequently than recommended, I can really feel it work on my muscles, and it's a pretty fun and engaging work out.  This program just works!  Almost 40 and I am in the best shape of my life after going through this just once. The P90X experience has led both me and my wife to drop 10% body weight in the first 3 weeks, while building critical muscle groups in the most efficient method I have ever tried. At first I loathed the workouts as I was out-of-shape, but after 3 weeks I am back into the best shape of my life since I wrestled in High School. The host of the series is a completely amazing presenter and shows how to best accomplish your goals following simplified techniques for which you don't need to spend hundreds of dollars and waste your life away in a dirty, crowded gym setting. I will never go back to having a gym membership so long as this p90x series motivates me to stay in the best shape of my life. If you are looking for a fitness program that works, look no further. This program works! It's something that you can adapt to your everyday workout schedule even after the 90 days are over! You will always be looking to push yourself to the next level!P90X is so easy to use at home for the fact that there isn't a whole lot of eqipment needed. There isn't a whole lot of space that you need. The DVD's are so each to follow because of the way Tony guides you through each movement.After being a P90xer for only a week I have already seen some results! I love this program and I highly recommend it to anyone looking to get in great shape and improve their health!! The DVD's come in a compact package and are easy to take with you if you travel.  The book is self explanatory and easy to follow to get started.  The nutritional guide book is also easy to follow and you don't have to go out and by really fancy foods.Some of the workouts are really hard, but you can go at our own pace until you are able to complete them.  We have been using it for over 3 weeks now and we can already see a difference in our shape and how we feel.  We have more energy and make the time each day to complete the program.  No more sitting watching TV all night.Until you are ready to use the weights or the chin up bar, I would recommend just getting the three levels of bands.  They give enough resistance for beginners, then move up.  Our favorite is the recovery drink and it does work.Thanks Tony for putting this program out there for us. A great workout.  I lost 50 lbs in 3 and a half months following the guidelines of P90X.  WORTH IT I was very happy that the produect came in even better than the seller described and FAST!!! You need to study the guidelines and read the books that comes with it. P90X is not something you just pop in the DVD and go. It is a method and so preperation is involved. P90x is going to be very tough for beginners, but if you stick to it it really is a wonderful program.  It is very intense and really works your Whole Body!  I have to say that the first week is the toughest to get through, especially the 2nd DVD where it has you jumping A LOT!  The workouts are about an hour long.  I had trouble with the jumping lunges in my first week and I almost gave up!  I however stuck to it and am pleased with my results so far, I have lost 10 pounds in the first month and am starting to see a little muscle coming in.  They nutrition guide and recipe book work and taste wonderful.  If you follow the nutrition guideline and do the workouts religiously with proper form, you will see results.  Tony is very good instructor in his videos and even has someone workout who has prosthetic leg on the 2nd DVD showing how people with leg problems can modify workout and see results.  For all people who say they don't have the time, do you have the time to watch 2 TV shows?  If you do then you have the time to do the workout. What really needs to be said that hasn't been said about this.  It works. Never wanted to buy into an infomercial workout plan but I heard from friends that it gets the job done so I bought it...and I must say, aside from some of the workouts that feel a little silly when doing them, these dvd's and guides are OFFICIAL!I am currently training in a non traditional Muay Thai gym and my first amateur fight is about a month away.  Before P90X I was going to the gym and maxing out my workouts, plus I had bought a 50 lb weight vest and pull up bar for home workouts.  I was seeing good results while I was doing it, but even though I'm training everyday, sometimes going to gym to lift weights took extra motivation that I didn't always have.  Took up P90X because I figured if it works I could stay home and still get a full workout in (bought some dumbbells as well). From day 1 I felt that this was going to be an official workout.  Like I said I had already been going to gym lifting weights, doing cardio, plus actually training almost everyday so I knew I was in good shape, but the moment I got to day 2 (I think it's day 2 maybe 3) and put on the plyometrics workout I felt I had gotten my money's worth.I love the workout guide and the nutrition guide is a very nice touch.  For me I'm actually trying to gain weight (very fast metabolism) so I don't follow the nutrition guide fully since it seems more designed to help people lose weight, but it has helped a few of my friends.Bottom line, nothing works the way they say it works if YOU don't FOLLOW the plan laid out before you.  P90X works great for those that faithfully use it and follow the routines the way it's designed to be followed.*side note* I took about a 2 week break from P90X just to see if my performance and strength level would fall off (and also because I was getting lazy) and truthfully my stamina started to go down and my overall definition and core strength slipped slightly.  I'd imagine that if I just quit using it fully I'd digress quite a bit even with my training schedule. Its a tough workout but you get the results. $50 for 12 weeks of hell!!! but feels amazing... I just finished my first week and yes I am a bit sore.  This is a great workout and it will make you want to eat healthy.  I am sore but still feel more energetic and my waste is already an inch smaller.  This is not a workout for the feeble.  Tony Horton will test every muscle in your body, but when you are done you will feel great, tired, but great.  I believe if you dedicate 100% to P90X, anyone can do it.  Tony's main theme seems to be "do what you can, to get your maximum burn", so you don't have to keep up with the video, just push as hard as you can.  I have no complaints.  Excellent Program for people who are bored with their old routine and need to shake things up a bit.  The videos are excellent and provide detailed workouts.  It has only been a few short weeks and I can feel and see the difference. I'm loving this workout!  Good quality dvd's. it would be nice if there was a little more explanation as to which muscle group you are trying to isolate during some of the exercises though. It is keeping me motivated because I feel the results and after just 2 weeks I'm starting to see results. No pounds lost yet but gaining muscle tone. This is no cake-walk.  I'm three weeks in and I'm feeling good.  The nutrition plan is great (if you stick to it), and the workouts are intense.  I'm quite a bit more flexible due to the stretching and yoga, which makes everyday activities alot easier.  I'm getting stronger too.  The first week I could only do half of the individual workouts before I was completely exhauseted, now I'm finishing the workouts (still exhausted, but the stamina is better).  For pushups and pullups my muscles are incredibly sore.  I can't wait to see my results at the end. I absolutely loved P90X!  The DVDs were brand new and easy to follow.  I would recommend this for beginners or for experienced athletes (not professional, but experienced) because there are several variations to each workout to fit your activity level. DVD is good used condition as listed. Fast shipping and low price.This workout will work your legs, back and arms like no other. You will be feeling it for days afterward! I am a 37 yr old woman and thought I was in pretty good shape until I did this workout. I wouldn't recommend it for someone who is really out of shape or you won't be able to walk for a few days afterward, your legs will be so sore! The back/arms part involves a lot of pull-ups so you will need either a pull up bar or a resistance band to do the back/arms part. I was only able to do the P90X for a couple of days before life took control but the days I did do it I was very sore from my workouts.  Which is good because pain means it's working, especially when you don't realize you had some of those muscles.  The first disc I had to make some changes in the workout because I do not have access to a location to do chinups/pullups so I laid on the floor with 10 lb weights and did butterfly type exercises and switched it up a bit.You are going to see results if you stick with this program, I have seen friends do it and seen the amazing transformations myself... I bought P90X through a questionable Amazon seller (shipped from China without paying customs), but the disks and program are great. I had problems with one of the DVDs in my computer, but cleaned it with window cleaner and haven't had any more problems.I have been a very active person -- walking, tennis, softball, etc., but in my early 40s had two major surgeries. After that I got pretty serious about getting into shape. For several years, I did cardio religiously for 30 minutes a day. I joined the gym, but had difficulty really knowing how to use all the equipment correctly, etc. I worked with a personal trainer for a year, and she was great, but when she left town, I couldn't find a very good replacement.I heard lots about P90X and after previewing a couple of disks a friend had, I decided to jump in. I'm glad I did. It certainly was never easy, but I'm on my second time through, still challenged some on each of the routines. You'll need weights and resistance bands, and I recommend getting a cushioned mat for comfort and stability, along with a yoga mat. Get ready to work!Beachbody.com has a number of features available to users. I requested a coach, which got me connected with a fitness group online. That's been really helpful to me in terms of exercise, nutrition and support. I really didn't think it would be (getting fit with strangers?) but it's been great. Well there is nothing much bad to say at all about the P90X DVD package.  It came on time and had everything to get on the road to getting into better shape.  The only reason I can see anyone having something negative to say would be if the product came damaged, or was missing something when the box was open.  The only thing is that it does let you know that they have other options if you do not meet the requirements to use this system yet.  With that being said just do it and love yourself for it in the end. Just started the P90x System and Before purchasing I looked everywhere to check out prices to buy it. I have tried workouts before and didn't want to spend a lot of money , if it were not for me. This was the perfect item for the perfect price. I've been doing the workout just a few days, but it is really intense ( if you push yourself) and I really am enjoying it. It was shipped quickly and recieved just as described. Great doing business with you!!! Thank you for helping me get on a great workout track. If you ever wanted to build or tone your body and get in the best shape of your life, P90X is the path.  It is for the strong-willed and highly motivated but it is not to be feared.  Tony Horton is such a blast that you will very likely find motivation and willpower you never knew you had.  You feel like a billion bucks after these workouts both in mind and body but expect the GOOD soreness you get from quality exercise.  No pain, no gain--but in my opinion, P90X hurts too good to not take advantage of!  This is the perfect program for anyone who is trying to get in better shape.You can do everything within the privacy of your own room.It includes both aerobic and anaerobic pieces and a nutrition component as well.The DVDs include methods for modifying the workouts to accommodate beginners, and the "muscle confusion" strategy is a winner.I just returned from a tour in Iraq, and many of my soldiers were using this program to get in phenomenal shape.This product is simply fantastic! Like everyone else, I watched the infomercial over and over again.  After two of my customers bought it and looked good I finally bit.  The conclusion?  It's a work in progress,  I'm 33 yrs old in week 3 of training and feel awesome.  Muscles are starting to define a little and the weight has come off quickly, (not easily!) I've lost a little over 4%.  I also have to admit, the workouts aren't cheesy like my wife's videos she uses.  Great program so far, I'm glad I bought it...... P90X is certainly no joke, but it gets the job done. All of the workouts are challenging, although I would say Plyometrics is by far the hardest and most grueling. I started off pretty fit and trim, but I'm 1 and a half months into it now, and I definitely have seen changes, especially in my arms and legs. I have noted vast improvement in my ability to perform, especially on the yoga and ab sections.The workouts are all pretty good, although I find the yoga disc is simply too long (although I do enjoy most of it) and the ab disc is annoying because they seem to put all the movements that really work your quads back to back, such that it's hard to keep up simply because your legs are tired (abs are fine). Overall I'm very happy with the workouts and I've seen good results. It's definitely a big time commitment, but I feel much better on a day to day basis and I look forward to seeing the final results in 3 months! If you do the diet as well as the exercises, there is no way you are not going to have great results.  Will you look as ripped as these people, who knows, but you have to feel better!  Not only do you get a super amount of variety in the different work outs, but also in the at least 3 different ways you can do each disc, slow pace, middle pace, super pace.I have even had results just doing the stretching video.  A little pricey, and had to save for it, but worth it. This will change your life! Just keep pushing play and don't give up. I'll take time if you don't follow the diet, but even if you don't fallow the diet to a teeth you will still see results if you give it your best and are consistently working out. I preffer this over any gym any day, it will work your entire body and you will feel it even when you have already done the exercises in the past. I would buy it again if I lose or brake mine! Awsome workout! It took a friend of ours to push my husband into getting it! We are on our second month and already there are huge changes being made! If you want something extreme AND effective I would get this! The instructer is anniongly hilarious and makes you want to continue just to laugh as you workout! It has different levels to workout, which is perfect if you just want a certain type of result! Totally worth the money that we invested in it! I saw results within the first week - increased strength & flexibilty as well as a smaller waistline.  I've done other workouts and found them either too boring or too grueling.  This routine keeps you interested, allows for variation in fitness level, and works you hard without trying to beat you into submission.  This product is definitely worth the money.Be sure to purchase weights/bands and a pull-up bar to use with p90x - you'll need em. Routines are challenging at first but get easier.  Excellent job of toning up the body and losing weight.  I have lost 6 lbs since starting the routine about three weeks ago.  Body is getting stronger every day.  You will learn to love jumping jacks, squats, sit ups,  push ups and pull downs.  Wait until after you run thru all of the videos before you buy additional equipment.  A few hand weights, weight bands and a yoga matt is all you need. I was bored with the same old exercises.  Treadmill, basic weight exercises, some stretching.  I hadn't pushed myself for years.  P90x changed all that.  I look forward to the challanges of each days routine.  It's different every day and it kicks my butt.  I have alread lost two inches from my waist and lowered my resting pulse by 3 beats per minute and I'm only in my 4th week.  I highly recommend it.  I'm 62 and getting younger every day. 12 hour long workout DVDs for $70 is a great value.  The first week was tough and showed us how out of shape we really were, but my husband and I are on our 12th week now and have noticed great results without even following the diet.  What makes this successful vs going to the gym and other single videos I've tried in the past is that it is a "program".  We are forced to finish sets when we're tired and otherwise would have stopped working out.  And we're forced to work out every day (except the rest day) when we otherwise would have just sat around the house.  And our interest is maintained through the 90 days with the constant change in routine.  No repeat of the same stuff for an hour every day which is too boring to stick with.  Our flexibility, strength, and balance is all around improved thanks to this program.  I recently joined a gym and found that classes like Boot Camp, Body Works, (and the like) were actually using the same moves and duration found in this P90X series of DVDs. This teaches you muscle confusion techniques. You might do one rep quick and another slow. It's both a cardio and strength training exercise series. It appears that developing your CORE is what life is all about. It gives you stamina, strength, endurance, and a toned look. P90X delivers on all counts. This ain't for the weak at heart. My floor is soaked with sweat daily..it doesn't matter what P90X disc I use for that day. This is the most intense workout I have ever done!  I am only on Day 19 and I have already dropped 7 pounds ( I only needed to drop 10-15!)so this is very impressive.  The first week is a killer but week two and three will really get better (but NOT easier!!).  This is worth the money and buy directly from the company...anything less than that and you will miss valuable food guides and book.  So far so good....can't wait to see the end results!  Day 90 here I come!!! i had heard a lot about this program but never really gave into all the hype. i considered myself to be in good shape already from boxing and mma workouts for about a year, but i was in no way prepared for what was to come. this routine is intense and not for the faint of heart! i have a 6 pack and i cant keep up with the ab video completly and i'm one month in. if you stick to it and eat right YOU WILL get results. This is a great workout, but I caution to start slowly - especially if you're a reasonably fit person who might have a few health issues!! I modified the workout, but it still managed to flare up my RA symptoms. Still, I'll jump back into the routine after I've had some time to recover... Listen to Tony as he tells you to go at it at your own pace and you'll find a great motivating workout with excellent results! Perfect if you are just starting out. I have been using it for 2 weeks and it still keeps me interested. Granted this isn't easy by no means, but over time I think it will become easier and I know that I will become more tone after the program ends. I have only had the program and been using it now for 25 days and I can tell you it has worked already!  It really is like having a personal trainer and it means all the difference between results and really getting the improvemnts in your health and body appearance we all want.Absolute Fantastic product I can visualize using components of it until I am and old old man.Very Very Pleased Consumer. I was originally turned off of the P90X with it being advertised via infomercials, but I'm glad I took a chance on it.  Workouts are tough and unless you're all ready in decent shape you'll not likely make it all the way through them at first, but it's ok.  Pause and pace yourself and over time you'll develop strength and stamina.Convenient to do at home on your own schedule.  Highly recommended. If your idea of exercise is Richard Simmons in red daisy dukes then this exercise program is not for you. It's a great program, painful but great. My only complaint is Tony Horton teaching yoga. He sucks!!! I would just find a yoga routine from David Swenson or Baron Baptiste and substitute it for Yoga X. But don't skip the yoga entirely it is an important part of the system it's just too bad that Tony can't teach it properly. You must be willing to give up an hour (at least) a day.  If you are willing to do this you are on your way to success.  It is finding time that was difficult for me.  I consider myself a fit person and the workouts were very good and made me work.  Don't do the exercises to full strength to start off.  The actual discs were excellent and we got the item very quickly.  Good luck!!! This is a exercise program if you are serious about fitness or have the desire to get in shape.  The program is well thought out and easy to follow....with so many dvd's, there is no room for boredom.  Each exercise program is pretty intense, so will keep you challenged for quite some time.The dvd's came delivered well protected and in fine condition.  All products were lightly used so that was wonderful!  I have no regrets with this purchased as I will save lots of money with this product compared to the hundreds of dollars I've previously spent in personal training!  Thanks for a great product!!!  Tons of reviews for you to see so I will keep it basic. This is a great series with different routines if you want the Classic P90X, Hardcore or Lean versions ...I strongly recommend doing the original P90 Bootcamp first if you are not in good shape already. P90X assumes you are in good shape whereas the orignal P90 Bootcamp starts from the very beginning of fitness level. That is where I started and am SOOO glad I did. Moving on to P90X after P90 was a step up for sure but not a huge hurdle. this is a great program. it's not easy though. hard work = great results. I don't believe in those "do nothing and get fit" ads, and the P90X is definitely not one of those products. if you want real results, you have to be willing to get off your butt and see what you're made of with the P90X. seriously, this program improves all aspects of an individual's health. just do it. 90X is great!! It may take people different amounts of time, depending if they are eating the right things an stayin with it. I do miss a day here or there from the schedule i have to meet but still can tell great results I really like the P90X Extreme Home Fitness.  Tony Horton is a really good trainer.  His style is tough love but also motivates you.  My favorite of the work out is Ab Ripper X...I can begin to see actual results.  I always wanted to do different types of work out other than situps and I got some good variety and techniques from Tony's instructions.  Hightly recommended Love it! It's like having your own personal trainer, and the workouts never get boring. The workout log and nutrition guide keep me more motivated than I thought. I like how this program "teaches you how to fish" rather than just giving you a fish. It's very empowering and something I know I'll use for the rest of my life. One of the best investments I've made. This is not easy to do but is so worth it. I am looking forward to day 90 to see my changes. This is the complete set and comes in a great packaging as all discs are together and there is no worries about losing them. Had to end my gym membership due to hip issue but still needed intense workouts. This program is the perfect solution...latest workout techniques, intense as you want it to be, and so much variety.The ads are correct, you do need a good level of fitness to really enjoy these workouts, but you can also control your intensity until you get there. This is a great workout product. I have never been able to stick with any workout program. Not only have I done 50 straight days of the P90X workout, but I have also stuck to the P90X diet program about 6 of 7 days a week. The results are awesome. My gut just has disappeared and my abs are starting to really take shape. A+++. I can't wait to finish the next 40 days. Super fast shipping.  Awesome price. Seller delivers excellent communication and service.  Guides are provided with this seller.  He will email a personalized link where they can be downloaded. There is a time limit set before the link expires.  I waited too long.  However, the seller provided me with a second link.  THANKS again!! If you really have the motivation and dedication to get fit, then this is the way to go. It's a 7 day a week hour long workout. It's not your 10 minute abs workout 3 days a week. This stuff is intense. Changing my eating and after only 3 weeks of P90X caused me to lose about 8 lbs. Looking forward to looking better and better.  I love the P90x workouts. They are very intense and it gets mixed up every day so as to keep it interesting. However--I would highly recommend buying from the beach body website...the DVDs that I ordered from here were pirated by the seller and I ended up having to return them to get my money back. If you do decide to order from here, be sure to check your product when it arrives--if you notice typos, it is a pirated DVD. I've worked out with weights and done cardio for years so I was skeptical at first.  I've been using the program for 30 days so far.  This is a great workout.  Very intense, and hitting muscles that I don't think I've ever gotten sore before.  Even the yoga is tough!!!  If you want to get in great shape I definitely recommend. I love this exercise program.  I was unsure it was for me while watching the infomercials.  I thought it looked too hard for a female.  It is worth the work although I modify push ups (girl) and pull ups (bands).  I highly recommend it.  Even if you are a beginner you can modify with 1 or 3 pound weights and work up to heavier. Well, the product showed up in more that 'like new' condition!  I love the workout, the best I have ever done!  I love the variety and I love that it challenges me consistently!  I know that it will be used for a very long time and will help keep me healthy!  If you are thinking that it is too much money to invest, trust me - it isn't.  I would pay more for this especially now that I know how much I love it! It is a good investment in yourself and I am sure you will find that you will be using it for a long long time! I wasn't sure when I started these work out if the would work. But after 1 month I've loss a inch off my waist dropped a few pounds that have been lingering for a long time. Once you make it through the first week and see your body change you forget how much you spent on the dvds. Best work out videos I have ever purchased!! Fiancé is on his second round doing double workouts now. The guy on it is SO ANNOYING and says the dumbest things but you can turn just music on after a while or ignore him. Good workouts and I've seen a lot of changes in my fiancé. And his ego has inflated a lot since he got this workout plan :) I was a gym junkie before we built a new house, and the gym membership was no longer in the budget.  I had a lot of the weights already on hand, and only needed to add a pull up bar.I'm always sweating and getting a good work out.  Would buy more Beach Body products in the future. I was hesitant at first to buy this because i had not worked out in 6 months. but when i got the dvds and started using them i really liked them. Horton has modified moves for those of us who are really out of shape. The work outs are hard but the routine are varied to keep them interesting. It is better than the gym. This program is worth the buy.  I didn't think it was working at first buy I really feel it now.  You will need to buy weights, bands, yoga blocks, and a pull-up bar if you really want to feel the burn.  I received everything it said I would.  One of the CDs skips but not sure if thats my fault or the manufacturer. i bought these dvd's to workout at home when the weather was bad in chicago. well the weather is bad half the year here. As a result, i've been working out at home with the p90x and its amazing...i have noticed a difference and i plan to recommend p90x to those who want to take their workouts to another level...  I really love the videos.  I am a professional figure skater that needed something to take with me while on tour.  This was it.  I think it is super important that you do the fitness test and can pass before starting.  If you can't pass the fitness test then you should seriously consider Power 90 instead. I enjoyed the product received from the seller. The delivery time was faster than projected and the item was shipped in a new quality even though I chose to buy a used version it looked brand new. The workout is exactly as advertised. Being overweight it is hard to get into it but I am going to do all that I can. Let's be realistic for the overweight. If you and I haven't been working out we can not expect the system to be a walk in the park. If your legs rub together when you walk and you get out of breathe when you go upstairs like me, we must understand that we have to seriously modify the workout until we lose the weight and get in shape. Once we are in shape we can jump around like the people in the video. I love it so far and the day I can grab my stomach and not squeeze a cake, I know that I fought the good fight of faith. This is an awesome product, I've been at it for 3 weeks and have visible results. I had been working out with weights for months but didn't see results until p90x. I have been recommending it to everyone I know. I have lost 2 inches already in 3 weeks, not sure about weight since I don't own a scale. It is the best work out system out there. It is extreme, but worth it. Just watch ordering with your credit card. They had to send me another card due to activity on it that was not me. The reason I know it happened here is because it was the first time to use it in 2 months. Just a caution to all. I think the commercials really sum this program up.  If you want to get into shape in 90 days, this program will kick your butt.  I loved the plyometrics and ab CD's but has a very nice variety to do.  The only downside to it is that because it is everyday, you really don't get a chance to do any other workout.  Since I like to do other outdoor activities, that was hard for me to take.  It is great if you don't want to think about your workout and follow along.  If you stick to the plan and follow through, you will notice a difference! Great exercises! Finally, I found something to replace my boring cardio machine. Minimal equipment and time are needed. If you are serious about getting in shape and committed then I highly recommend P90X.I use the the video as part of my normal workout not to get ripped in 90 days. I enjoy this work out program. I like to have a good looking body, but don't really enjoy being in the gym. With P90X, I just follow along, doing the workout. I don't have to think about it or count my reps. I just follow along. An hour goes by and I feel pumped. Right from the comfort of my home! Definitely takes a time commitment. No daily workout, except Ab Ripper, is less than 50 minutes. If you can find the time to do at least half of each daily workout, you'll feel and see results. Tony Horton does a great job engaging and motivating the individual. Better yet, he and his team don't try to be perfect, and mistakes are intentionally caught by the camera as well as the adjustments and explanations. I'm in my 4th week of P90X and I'm really enjoying it. Seeing results already. For those of you who think it's too hard, I'm female, 52 yrs old, not overweight, and was in reasonable shape before I started the program. It's difficult at times, but not impossible. I wanted something challenging so I would get results, and that's what P90X is. There is lots of room for modifying the moves until you get stronger. The key is to stick with the program, make it a priority in your schedule, and make healthy changes to your diet. I love that there is so much variety in this program...I don't get bored. I recommend this program! Me and my brother wanted to give P90x a try this summer... but the system is a bit pricey.  We searched Amazon hoping to find a "Like New" set with everything included and get started with out any set backs.  When the set came we were very pleased with its appearance!  And still are!  this is my second set of dvds of p90x. I took the other set to England with me so I could work out, I have been there approx 6 times in the last 2 yrs. They eventually wore out so I purchased another set. I am 59 and do them 6 out 7 days a week and notice big benefits. Just a short review, ive been on this workout for about a week now, and ive got to say, its working. I feel better than i have in weeks and my clothes already fit better! If you want to change your body and your life for the better, try this workout. But be warned, this workout is not for the weak hearted, you will need serious determination to stay with it. The X in P90x stands for EXTREME, and there is a reason for that. Good luck I am a recreational cyclist riding approx 180 miles per week, and thought I was in great shape. After the first week of p90x I discovered I need to do a lot more, as cycling doesnt address flexibility and strength. Am working out with my wife and we are loving it. Since using it this week my back pain, and my wife's is gone inthink because of the yoga. Looking forward to the weeks ahead This is a great set of fitness videos.  Be prepared they are difficult but worth it.  I was very sore at the beginning.  The stretching before and after each workout helps.You will not get bored with this set.You will see and feel a difference. These workouts are tough, and they will get you in shape.  Some of the moves on the yoga DVD are advanced and should not be done by beginners.  You don't need a lot of fancy equipment, but you really have to be dedicated.  Tony is entertaining to watch. I've been using P90X for 3 weeks and already can see a difference.  P90X will kick your butt, but it is fun and anyone can do it.  Do what you can, always try your best and you will see improvement. The video's are great and keep you motivated. I agree with previous reviews. You can make this as easy or as hard as you want.  I am just starting week 2 and things are really beginning to happen.  Sure, I flopped around on the ground like a fish when doing the Ab RipperX and Yoga, as I'm not strong enough yet for most of the moves; However, I keep on trying and my body is feeling it. My muscles are sore, but I can do a couple more reps every time I complete a session. From past experience with weight training, I know that if I keep on pushing play and giving it a whole hearted effort, I will get the results that others have successfully gotten.Don't expect miracles overnight.  You have to put in the work to get the results.  Don't blame the product if you don't get results when you skip a couple of sessions every week or eat whatever you want.  This truly is not a beginners work out, if you are a beginner just do what you can and don't worry about the rest.  It will come in time. I purchased through Amazon and all the CDs play properly. However, the little booklet that the CDs are stored in is somewhat awkward/difficult to get the DVDs out. You could potentially scratch them in the process, so be careful.  Once I got them out, I stored them in their own jewel cases.5/12/10 UPDATE: The 2nd time I played the Core Synergistics DVD (which was past Amazons 30 day replacement), it quit playing properly and just freezes.  How sad that the company can't produce a better quality DVD. P90X is a great product, they just need to address this issue.  Several people I've talked to have the same complaint about the DVDs not working properly.  I have DVD movies that I've played a million times and never have problems.  Why can't P90X do the same? The P90X workout is great! I dont follow it 100% as I also run and do Pilates on my own. So, their 7 day workout plan is stretched to 9 days for me so I dont over-do it. The videos are great...although I think the Yoga one is too long! :) I spent 6 years in the military and mastered the army physical fitness tests.  I needed a change to my workout to keep my body guessing.  This was it!! First week I couldn't even finish a workout!  Whatever you are looking to get from a workout this will give it to you!  Easy to hard it has it all. ... to start using it, because I looked at #1 DVD and it scared me, that I wouldn't be able to do any of it. But once I read instructions and realized, that in women's version, disc #1 with all the pull ups and chin ups is not necessary to use I loved it. I used it for 3 months religiously every day and lost 18 lbs before my European vacation. Felt really good.  Ok. The workout is very solid. The ab ripper is very hard, but gives fast results. I still can't do the moves well or in the number they suggest. The rest of the workout is sort of like having a coach. The key is consistency. If it or any other workout gets you to exercise with regularity, you will lose weight and gain muscle. Is this the best? I'm not sure. Is it excellent? Definitely! This is the best workout ever!!The diet is great and it makes working out hard but efficient.Really...just do as much as you can...and you will get leaner and stonger.Just keep pressing play like Tony says!I would and do suggest this to all of my friends who have complained for years that they cant get in shape.I said and felt the same way....consistancy...strength training and muscle confusion are key!! These series of dvds are worth the talk. I have been doing this for almost 30 days now and I can see the results. It was tough at first but I listen and took my time getting up to speed on these workouts and its worth getting. This is just a amazing work out. It's easy to follow along because its like the trainer is in the room with you. It's just awesome. The DVD's come in a nice case with 12 workouts. You will see results if you buy this product. If you REALLY do what you are supposed to and not give excuses you will lose weight, you will gain muscle and you will feel much better and healthier after doing this routine. This routine is not for everybody, you need to be a little fit, it has a test for you to complete to see if you can do this routine with minimal injury risk. If you like to workout you will love the burn this will give you. Great workout that will push you to your limit.  Would not recommend to beginners unless you are already in decent shape.  Eat right and build a solid foundation before attempting this DVD to get the best results.  Best of luck! It has been a great addition to my workouts when I can't make it to the gym. I recommend it to anyone who wants to follow it exclusively or add it to their gym routines.Tony Horton does a great job at motivating. If you are looking to get fit and be challenged, this is the workout! Tony is tough and entertaining. I especially love the Yoga and Ab Ripper X workouts. The second is only 15 minutes and gives a great burn! Losing weight the first week, lost arm and leg flab.I thought i had a great workout at the gym because i did a very intense routine but i have never gotten these results, let alone in a weeks time. I started p90x two days ago and I can tell you that it is an awesome workout I know I'm not doing exactly what their doing in the videos but clost to it since I'm not that flexable and I can already feel in my clest and arms that I'm working twords something amazing! You definitly have to atleast give yourself a chance and try it.... Ill edit my post when I'm at thirty days sixty and 90! If you guys have any tips for me just comment on my review..  This DVD set helped me lose 45 lbs. I feel if I was more disciplined, I would have lost more and become more toned. I cannot believe how much this workout has changed my life. (thank you Tony Horton) This workout set is amazing! It keeps me going without burning me out. The moves take some time to get used to, but once you get your form you'll become a workout machine. This is an amazing product! I love the P90X workouts.  Extremely tough and physically demanding workout.  However there are many different levels that you can start at based on your fitness.  Truly a great workout all around. P90X rocks! It is a very difficult workout program, but also very rewarding, and Amazon did a great job selling it. The packaging was neat, the shipping time was quick, and everything promised about the product is there and in great condition. This customer is very satisfied. :) im into week four and i notice some big changes. getting some more defintion and the excerises are becomeiing easier. great dvd set for anyone that wants to get into the best shape of their lives. Workouts are intense and hard to do at the beginning, but they work as long as you stick with them and the diet.  I have lost 18 pounds in 4 weeks.  Do your best and forget the rest.  Bring it!! What a great product. You need to be dedicated and take the time out of your day but it is worth it!After 1 week you will start to notice changes and some exercises becoming easier. I love the P90X. The workout is intense and the results are amazing. I'm still in the beginning portion of the program and already people are telling me they see a difference in my appearance. Just got it and started the training.  I am in decent shape so am able to complete workouts, not quite at the level, number of reps that the actors can.  Very good home workout.  I did also purchase a power block for weights, I purchased a set of 50# power blocks and more dumbbells to get me to 70#.  Also a pull up/dip rack.  I have found that's all I need.It is as intense as you choose to make it, so scale up or down intensity based on your condition. I purchased this product used due to the fact that p90x aka beach body, was horrible. the constantly hound you for you to by more products and insult you in order to buy more. have it all on emails.The product itself is great.  It does exactly what it says. you will be really sore the first few weeks and when changing routines.  The excersizes are grueling and challenging but fun.  but if you can buy used I recomend. it isnt worth buying new for the price.  This program does exactly what it is said to do. They train all areas of the body and you start toning up fast. I would recommend this product for anyone that is thinking of getting in shape. Love it! A very organized complete program. After each day of exercises you can really feel the difference it is making! I would recommend this program to any one, any age and at any weight. Very good, traditional workout routines and you have to have your own free weights and you have to buy a pull up bar to get the full benefit. This definitely works and is the ground breaker for all the informercials that follow. Menu's, calendar and idea is very good. I've been doing this now for 3 weeks, and I'm already seeing a difference.  I'm sore most of the time since the workouts are tough, but they're addicting.  DVDs came in perfect condition. The P90X program has already been established as one of the best workout videos in the United States... And I can see why. It is innovative, challenging, and in more ways than you think, FUN! Tony Horton is an excellent instructor and motivator. P90X is also great because it is an at-your-own-pace workout video, allowing you to pause if you need a break and since it is a video, it gives you more time, if needed, to work yourself into the more advanced moves/stages. Whoa- this is perfect when I'm not in the mood or the weather doesnt permit me to get to the gym.  I don't use mine as a 90 day routine but I imagine if I did I wouldn't be here looking at these few extra holiday lbs. It's definitely a hard-core-feel good about yourself workout. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a great total body workout.. My husband and I love p90x. At first I wasn't sure about it so I asked a few people and did my research. I decided to buy it, and it was a smart idea too. Best 90 dollars I spend. It's definitely not easy, but if you're dedictated then it can be really fun.  You learn to have a love/hate relationship with Tony.  I love it!  I started seeing results in 2 weeks. Bought this for my daughter's graduation gift from High School.  Got a great price on it and she loves it!  Everything was as stated, box and all discs are there and in good shape. My daughter bought this workout program and does the videos with friends. They can feel the difference in strength and endurance when doing this video and I can see the difference.  