I bought this treadmill just over a year ago, and was very happy with my purchase--up until a few months ago when I started noticing that the walking belt seemed to be caving in. Within a matter of a few weeks it was completely broken--split right down the middle. In total this treadmill lasted 10 months.I'm 5'10, and weigh about 175 pounds. I run (6 mph)/incline walk (3.7 mph) about five to seven miles three times a week. I don't really feel like I put an unusual amount of wear on this machine. I also realize that this is not a top-of-the-line treadmill; however, I do feel like the money that I spent on this warrants a product that would last for more than a year.I reached out to Weslo via their customer portal, including the information above; I asked if there was anything that they could do, as the manufacturer's warranty is good for only 90 days. I got an automated response saying that I would receive a response within two to three business days. Ten days passed and I finally got a response from them--a blank email. I followed up on this, and have yet to receive a response.Based on this experience, I really do not feel like Weslo is a company that is committed to providing quality products, and/or decent customer service.Edit: I did finally receive a response from Weslo (after going back and forth with them for about 30 days trying to explain that all I received was a blank email). They apologized for the inconvenience  and explained that I could buy a new walking belt for $84.95 (I'm guessing this is not including the shipping). We bought this treadmill based on all the good reviews here. We've had this just shy of four months. Within the first month, the belt started slipping. We tightened it. It continued to slip. We kept following the instructions, attempting to correct the problem. Finally we got on with customer service and they determined that the motor is bad. So they're sending us a new motor, for $78 WITH the discount they offered, plus $33.39 for shipping and handling from Utah to New Mexico, which can take ten days. And we have to install the motor ourselves, because a technician would cost $160. To put this in perspective. since we paid an attractive sale price of $287, this "fix" is 40% of our purchase price, in the first four months of owning the machine. The technician fee is 56%. We finally decided to try for this fix, costly as it is, particularly when I believe a bad motor reveals poor quality to begin with, to try to recoup some of our initial investment. But if you're considering buying this, my advice is DON'T DO IT. Totally not worth the attractive price if I'm looking at paying 40% every quarter to keep the thing going. I'd rate it zero if I could. Problem after problem. End result was my motor arrived damaged and they wouldn't help me fix it, so I have to return to Amazon.When I initially tried assembling it, I found there were no assembly screws included in my box. I called Weslo, was on hold for a good 30 minutes before I could tell someone they forgot my screws. Then a few hours later I read a review that another person had the same issue but also didn't have their magnetic key. Surprise, I didn't have that either. So I had to wait another 35 or so minutes before telling a rep they also forgot that.Fast forward about a week and I assembled it. First part was so hard to line up all the screws (as other reviews had said), but I finally got it.I test the machine out, and after less than 5 minutes of use it begins making a HORRENDOUS noise. Sounds like it's going to catch on fire.I called Weslo customer service AGAIN and they told me to remove the plastic over the motor to see what may be the problem. What do I find? A big hunk of plastic that had broken off the motor, probably during shipping. I tell them that and they say they "don't know if that's the cause of the noise." Well, I'm pretty sure it is since it arrived damaged and nothing else looks wrong. Then the guy said he would try and send a technician out to help, which would have been great. But I'm put on hold and he tells me it would actually cost them too much to do that, so it's not going to happen. I'm told they can either send me the parts to assemble myself, because I'm totally trained in mechanic work, or I can return it and buy a new one. There's no way I'm doing this all over again. It was such a hassle to move up to the third floor of my apartment, deal with customer service on multiple issues that THEY CAUSED IN THE FIRST PLACE, and then find out they won't even help me fix something I didn't do to it. Now I'm stuck with a defective treadmill and have to deal with finding a box to send it back in. DON'T BUY THIS. I received this as a Christmas gift from my husband.  We wanted an inexpensive treadmill to start with, until we were sure we were committed to using it regularly.  This seemed to fit the bill.My husband put it together with relative ease.  I woke up the first morning to use it, walked on it for 20 minutes, and the belt stopped working.  The electronic control pad still worked and kept the time/mileage going, but the belt wouldn't move.  I attempted to contact Weslo Customer SErvice.  After being on hold for 33 minutes, the hold music turned off and I wasn't even sure I was still connected.  I waited until 45 minutes when i had to hang up to attend to other matters.  I sent them an email on a Thursday.In the meantime, we reviewed the manual, determined there was a demo mode, and returned it to the regular mode.  We thought this would solve our problem.  I got up the next morning, walked for 25 minutes, and the belt stopped again.I contacted Amazon - they were nothing short of amazing!  I had already disposed of the box, but they told me to take it UPS and they would build a box (with no charge to me) and ship it back to Amazon.I waited to hear back from Weslo, just in case there was an easy fix.  They responded to my email by asking if I was able to remove the motor hood.  Um, no, I'm not going to try to repair the motor on the treadmill I just bought!!!!! I tried to call them two more times, waiting on hold each time for 45 minutes with no response.We are returning it to Weslo today.  The bottom line is that I can accept that a $300 treadmill might not work very well for long.  It is probably even just a setting or adjustment that could be remedied if I could talk to someone there.  I cannot accept the HORRIBLE customer service "provided" by Weslo.  I will never purchase another item from this company! I received the Weslo treadmill on Dec 22, 2015 and upon its arrival, I saw that the box was severely ripped and torn. I really didn't have an issue with this due to the shipping and handling of the packages from planes and trucks.I began installing on January 6, 2016 with the help of my beautiful wife. The first step was to tilt the treadmill on its side and install the base to the bottom of the treadmill. After two hours of trying to install the base to the treadmill,  my wife said that the holes wouldn't match up and I should research it to see if it was a common problem(which it was), which I didn't. I let my stubbornness get in the way and and told her to stop being so pessimistic and just keep trying. We finally got the bolts in after 3 hours of having to bend the bolts and angle the base and treadmill everyway possible. After that the rest of the installation was a breeze.After completing the installation, I plugged the treadmill up and turned it on. I heard the motor stall and the belt didn't move at all. I turned the treadmill off and back on about 10 times before  I finally google'd to see if there was a fix. I tightened the belt, held stop on the dash of the treadmill to remove demo mode, and even connected a surge protector to insure the treadmill had the right amount of power.. nothing  worked.I finally accepted the fact the motor of my supposedly new treadmill was either damaged or fried. I called customer service and they put in an order for a new treadmill and forwarded me to the big return department to schedule a way to send my old treadmill back since I threw the box away.I received my new treadmill on January 8, 2016. The box was in much better shape. I immediately opened the box and plugged it up to the dash and tried to turn it on to test if it worked(which I recommend to anyone who's receives one) before going through the trouble of installation again. The treadmill worked, so once again my amazing wife and I began installing the treadmill.  Once again we tilted the treadmill on it's left side and matched the base to the holes. To our surprise the holes match up perfectly. Installing the base literally took 5 to 10 minutes. Once again the rest of the installation was a breeze.Basically, I'm writing this review to let all buyers know that when you buy this product it's pretty much luck of the draw. You can either receive a treadmill that is most likely refurbished and crappy, that'll make you question yourself and  ruin your night and any chance of having sex because you're reading other reviews saying the installation was "oh so easy" and you guys must be "doing something wrong" and getting frustrated or you can receive a product that is most likely new and easy to install.(which they all should be)So there you have it. I received a hard to install treadmill and then I received an easy to install treadmill. It's all luck of the draw. Good luck. It was pretty simple to assemble, but an extra person is needed.  For instance the holes to install the handles are off-centered.  I followed the instructions to the book, and after turning on the grey power switch (located at the bottom left), removed the red safety circle, and WHOOLAH NO POWER.  The pictures I'm submitting shows the unit completely assembled, pressing start, and workout routines, yet nothing happens.  This is a HUGE inconvenience because now I have to disassemble this bulky machine to get my refund.  Let's thank our lucky stars for Amazon's excellent return policy, otherwise I'd be more livid than I am right now. box was damaged.item was damaged as well with broken motor housing.pain to pack and carry it again.will wait for replacement. Something's wrong at the factory.  I purchased this on the strength of the average star rating on Amazon.  There are many 1 star ratings out there.  It took quite a while to assemble this treadmill, as the holes for the bolts and screws did not line up.  It would be impossible for someone not as strong as myself to set this up; you literally have to bend metal with your hands!After the hour of setup time, it was highly disappointing to have the belt make a high-pitched "airplane taking off" noise when set at above 4mph.  I returned it.  Disassembling the treadmill was not the most highly enjoyable experience I've ever had.They say splurge on anything that goes between you and the ground.  This includes socks, shoes, and now treadmills. I came from an old treadmill that lasted me about 10 years. I bought this as a replacement in February. First, the belt kept slipping, so I had to tighten that up. I'm 6'1, 190 pounds. It is completely reasonable that this product could accommodate that.It didn't. The platform underneath the belt started to crack 4 months into ownership. I run at 7mph for a 5-7 miles at a time. When the platform cracked, I contacted Weslo. I was basically told thanks, but there is nothing we can do. They have a pathetic warranty (90 days), and were offered no help with the problem. A new platform was $190 dollars, almost the entire cost of the machine itself.This product is junk. It is cheaply built. If you want to walk 2 miles a day in your garage, consider it. You get what you pay for. I've learned my hard lesson on this - do not ever buy the cheapest product offered, and do not buy any of Weslo's products.BE warned. Welso has terrible customer service. You will wait between 30 minutes to an hour in afternoons to get a hold of anyone. Getting this product to you cheap comes at a cost. They do not stand behind their products at all. Do not buy! It's a piece of s***. I tried well over two hours to fix the base to the treadmill but no matter how much I tried the screws and holes did not align. I then called my friend who works at fitness works maintaining gym equipment to come and assemble it for me and he couldn't do it he said it is a faulty piece and to return it would be the best thing to do. I am so angry and disappointment. Purchased it as a major step forward in changing my lifestyle for the new year and now I have no treadmill to let it out on which is making me very frustrated. I will not be making the mistake of buying a cheap treadmill. Being a prime member I have always shopped on Amazon trusting that the company will only provide high quality products. Not so much in this case! 