Love his shirt. It makes me look 10 pounds skinnier and I have had great luck with women when I wear it. They can tell I am intelligent and I don't let the media decide what I believe in. This is a high quality shirt. stretchy. But the reason I buy this shirt for is even better! First day wearing it in public I had only one person asking me; why are you voting for him if you ancestors are from Mexico? such a stupid question. I told him, that isn't true, both of my parents one from Mexico and the other from El Salvador migrated into the united states, where they met, and are now legal united states citizens. The guy walks away. And in a Spanish grocery store had everyone noticing the shirt and some stared when I wasn't looking. amazed that I'm Hispanic who is a Trump supporter. Hopefully this will piss off the liberals on campus! We are supporting TRUMP this election and wanted to show our support in public. So we decided to get tee shirts. These tee shirts are well made, true to size and  look great! We have gotten so many complements on them!  I got the gray for myself, my husband go the navy blue. The logo is put on well and after several washes, it is showing NO SIGN of coming off. The shirts have not shrunk or lost shape. There are no loose strings and the material is a decent thickness. For the price, these shirts are VERY nice!I would highly recommend these shirts to ANY TRUMP support. They are worth the price and a high quality shirt! Happy with purchase! I think these are unisex shirts. I got a medium because I like it to be oversized. I'm usually a small. Love this shirt. Very comfortable and barely had any wrinkles right out of package. Very easy to wash. As for wearing outside, very good to wear at your local trump rally. I recommend this t shirt for trump supporters. It will help make America great again!  I just got my shirt and WOW! This product is amazing! I've noticed a huge increase in my pheromone output and I can't keep my wife off of me!!! My chest seems hairier and my voice is deeper! If you need a confidence boost or just some plain old backbone this shirt is for you! Want to make the whiny liberal wusses tuck their tail and run? GET THIS SHIRT NOW! Want an instant six-pack and bone-crushing biceps and pecs? GET THIS SHIRT NOW!!! Your family will thank you for it! I love this shirt. Very high energy.  So I was afraid at first that my shirt was shipped because it was "delivered" and it didn't show up. Later I figured it was stolen. Either way, the seller was very understanding and worked with me and now I have my shirt. It looks exactly like the picture and fits just a bit smaller than expected but it's so minuscule that I wouldn't consider it and I like my shirts a little tighter. Overall very pleased and can't wait to get all the death stares :) ayy lmao  Proud deplorable. Good shirt. T R E M EN D O U S!MAGA! GET OUT AND VOTE!!!I wear this while running around my city (extremely liberal) and have received almost nothing but positive feedback.  Easily 9 out of 10 are positive.  The silent majority is awoken.Great fit.  If you want a traditional Small size, this is it. Fits perfect and looks great. Fantastic t-shirt....Hubby loves it!!!!(He's from Mexico...now a U.S. citizen) :) Love it.  Purchased the heather gray in a size Large from the seller IApparel.  Shirt was shipped quickly, is a quallity Gildan heavy cotton tshirt, and the print is great.  It held up fine on the first wash and only shrank about 10%.  For the price, the quality can't be beat.  Great seller too! Love Trump It's great, except the official ones don't have the box and stars, side note: the white Tshirt is the worst quality shirt out of all them, but once you wash the shirt, it feels 10x better on your skin. Overall I am satisfied with my purchase! #maga I bought this for Redneck Day during my school's spirit week and it was a hit. Price was cheap and the shirt's material was quality. However, the logo for this shirt is old due to Trump's vice-presidential pick (Mike Pence). I didn't mind that, but if you want a current design, you might want to look for a different product. Great shirt!  Great shirt just in time for the election! I have worn it 20+ times and it has not faded or cracked, great quality. I love this shirt Per my son-  It's comfortable, the graphics are clear and well done and not obnoxious.  If you are going to wear this type of fan wear you need it to look just right and we definitely got high quality for the very fair price.  It has washed up quite nicely too.  It came in several different color choices for the tee but I think it looks perfect in white.  Fit true to size too.  Medium can be a funny size to order but it was spot on for him.  Win or Lose I expect these to be collector items too. This is the second one I've ordered. The first, a Gray Large, fit but was a tad small, so this time I went XL which fits like a roomy Large, if that makes sense. So play it safe and buy one size up if this is a concern.Be prepared for lots of "I like your shirt" "where did you get your shirt" and "TRUMP!!!!" comments if you live in a Trump-friendly area. I've never had such a positive reaction from apparel before. Shirt fits and looks great. I bought this for my dad who is a republican through and through. It somehow got shipped to me instead so now I just wear it to upset my Killary loving neighbor! 😂 I wasn't a huge Trump fan and I have officially bought more merchandise than I ever planned to. Instead of paying ridiculous shipping to get this to my dad I will keep it and order him a different one. Overall it fits just like it should and is comfortable (unless you have glaring eyes on you then it fits fabulously!) My husband is 6'1, broad shouldered, and weighs about 220 lbs. We ordered the XL and it was a perfect fit. The shirt looks just like the picture and I imagine it will hold up well since it is a thick cotton. great shirt Love it. Go trump. This shirt is a real eye catcher. Wears well. Gets a lot of attention. Some from losers but what are you gonna do. If you want to support Trump, get it. If you want to support the other side get it. Win win. Excellent quality.  Trump 2016! Perfect fit. Trump 2016!  Love wearing this shirt!  Didn't shrink, is soft and fits great! ! I GET LOTS OF COMPLIMENTS AND DIRTY LOOKS TOO! LOVE IT! TRUMP2016!!!!! My step-dad enjoyed this! Something different and fun for the Trump fan! This shirt was a gift.  Well made and fit perfectly.  Get yours today! AN OBAMA VOTER NOW IS TURNING TO DONALD TRUMP BECAUSE HE IS FED UP WITH WASHINGTON AND THE "EXPERIENCED" POLITICIANS WHICH HAVE RUN THIS GREAT NATION INTO THE GROUND!!! AND I WILL HELP BUILD THE WALL!!! I WILL HAVE TO LIVE WITH THE AIRHEAD PALIN ENDORSEMENT BECAUSE TRUMP MUST WIN. Great shirt. Many good compliments. Beautiful  blue . Fits great, looks great and it gets great comments. I've seen some other reviews stating that they received some slightly different shirts. I received a shirt exactly as pictured. It is ever so slightly off center, but I'm not sure that I would have noticed if not paying very close attention. The best part of this shirt is the reactions I get from people.Priceless! Great product fit well easy to wash shipped fast  Dirty looks at school totally worth the money! Great quality and speedy delivery. LOVE IT... I bought a medium that was too small for me (5'-10" 165 lbs Man). So I ordered again, a large this time, and it fits perfect. The logo on this shirt is straight. The medium I purchased has a noticeably crooked logo. The quality is good but order 1 size larger. Fits as expected .  Nice quality Nice shirt! A classic favorite! I'm a simple man, I may not have Mr. Trump's wealth or influence. Or even his luxurious mane of hair but take my word for it this shirt will work wonders for you with the ladies, they are unable to resist you in this shirt. You are able to go up to them and grab them right in the lady parts. Amazing shirt!! perfect! Like it.***IMPORTANT***HEAD TO "SUBVERTED NATION.NET" NOW!!! You're more than FREE not to...C'Mon and go see for yourself.. you know you want to...TELL EVERYONE AND SPREADTHE WORD ABOUT THIS VALUABLE INFO.!!! GreT looking shirt and we'll made.  Very nice and good quality I got so many smiles, nods and thumbs up with this tee.  I don't care if people buy it to burn like the American flag.  I was advised not to wear my uniform when I came back from the war in '69 has anything changed?  Wearing this tee in certain places can bring out road ragers. Wonderful company to work with Perfect fit and a great price Good quality for the price. Make America Great Again! 10/10 gotta support daddy If you wish not to be noticed and confronted don't wear this shirt. The fit and quality is very good & all of the TRUMP supporters will confront you. All I'll day is TEXAS IS A TRUMP STATE! Fits just like it should Great way to show your support! Lovely quality and fit. This company is MAKING TSHIRTS GREAT AGAIN.  Quality is fine and feels quite soft and stretchy. I have washed it twice and the quality has remained consistent. Has also gotten many compliments and thumbs up so that's always good Perfect item. Great buy I am a female and usually wear small tshirts, but I bought a medium because of some comments on size. It is too big and I should have went with a small, but that being said, I like the material, it's SLIGHTLY thicker than other tshirts and is very comfortable. #TrumpTrain Love the shirt it's somewhat big but I haven't washed it yet so that could change! Otherwise I love the shirt it's super soft and great quality printing! Highly recommend!! Great quality, I bought this for my girl friends little sister to wear to her 8th grade classes. Her teachers loved me I'm sure. It fits just right on her and she loves it. Awesome shirt for Trump fans who want to make America great again! The material is high quality and it fits great. I would, and have recommended this to friends and family. Smoke weed everyday. It's so awesome to show everyone that you care about the USA and voting from the best!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Great T-shirt for the money.  Fit is just right.  I'm amazed at the positive comments I get whenever I wear it out in public.  Make America great again! I love my shirt! Fit as expected, soft material, and great quality. The lettering hasn't wrinkled or worn like most shirts would! Super awesome!  We used this for America day at school. It is easy to read and a nice royal blue color. Washed several times and the color is still very good. TRUMP 2016 !!!!!! The shirts fit great I loved it just remember vote for Donald Trump thank you !!!!! 🇺🇸👍 Liked very much! Great shirt #TRUMPTRAIN My "deplorable" mother absolutely loved this shirt! She wears it all the time! This is a very remarkable fabulous Donald Trump T shirt. It is Excellent. five stars. Fit my brother perfectly and the design looks very clean. The shirt has not shrunk after being washed either, which is nice. Fits husband very well. Very quick shipping- fabulous seller. Happy to support a business in my state. Ordering another now.  If you enjoy trolling liberals and watching them become visibly angry at your exclamation of free speech, this is the shirt for you! Take a stroll through town and revel in the anger of the oh-so-tolerant left as you show your desire for Making America Great Again. Fit is good and proud to wear the name of the next president of the United States! Trump 2016 Great T shirt.  Bought for my son, but I ended up wearing it to the Bethpage Trump Rally - Got alot of compliments. Very nice quality shirt. I ordered a large and fit as I expected. It also arrived 4 days earlier than expected! Love the attention this shirt gets...Did shrink a little in the dryer... Suggest maybe going up a size... I mean with the Trump name on there how could anything be wrong. Trump2016 Exactly how it appears in the picture. Wore it to a recent Trump rally :) Somewhat big but that was on me. Still able to shrink it and wear it normally. Good design and doesn't fade. 11/11/16 UPDATE:Wearing this Shirt PROUDLY!Get lots of complements!  Fits as it should, true to size.  This is a great deal on a shirt helping to remind others to make America great again... Get yours today Does shrink as all cotton shirts do.  Good for the money and laughs. As described.  Nice material.  Slow to ship vs most Amazon goods.  Very happy with the product though! Great fit and great quality. Fits very well as expected. I would for sure order again and recommend. Very nice tee shirt and well made. Very comfortable.  Delivery on time. I love Amazon and Mr Trump! Its cool Very nice quality, I bought this on a Thursday, and I arrived 5 days early! Great cotton product. Arrived much faster than expected. Great product to make liberals angry at a public University. THis was a gift for my nephew.  He's very happy with the shirt my husband has not wore it out in public yet but loved it when I gave it to him for his b-day!  True to size! Wonderful quality! Very well made!! Will last a long time!! Will order again!! This shirt is so great! I recieved it 3 days early! I am so happy to support this great man This shirt was more than I was expecting! As i put it on, instantly a flashback to December 16, 1773. I was on a boat in the Boston Harbor, tossing tea into the sea. In an attempt to oppose the taxation levied upon us. "Bloody red coats!"  I yelled. Then another jump! I was in the room on July 4, 1776 when the Declaration of Independence was approved by Congress. Of course all the big names were there, John Hancock, Benjamin Franklin, Thomas Jefferson, John Adams, and of course Samuel Adams. I couldnt believe it, another flash. It was the summer of 1944.  The sound of a Packard V12 Merlin engine can be heard. The plane i was sitting in was a P 51 d Mustang. To my left and right are American Bombers. Straight ahead of me a dozen or so German Focke Wulfs. I pulled ahead of the bombers and began my dogfight unleashing my .50 cals straight into their lil nazi symbol, giving them the whole 9 yards and ripping them to shreds. Another flash. Im in D.C. the late summer of 1963. Martin Luther King in front of me. Thousands of people standing around me. Cheering. As he gave his speech the roars of the crowd are dancing around me. Then the infamous words, "I have a dream." Before he can finish another flash. Back to present day and Donald Trump is running for President of the United States. Astonished at the thought of all of these great things happening for the United States of America, I become light headed when a giant bald eagle grabs my arms. He takes me up high over the Hudson and into the bay. He sets me on top of the Statue of Liberty. And thats where i am writting this from.10/10 would buy again Good quality shirt (made by Gildan). Fits like any other Gildan shirts I own. #Trump2016 Trump is what thins country needs to stop these new age Nazis(National SOCIALIST Party) that want to shut down free speech with violence. The left is the side of collectivism. The left is the side of think my way or I will destroy you. Donald Trump represents individualism and freedom. Comfy and entertaining. Buy and memorialize this election Well worth $10 just to start arguments with Dem/Liberals I Love Me Some Trump Make America Great Again T-Shirt Trumpy Trump Trump Trump!  Awesome s*** to take a victory lap in! MAGA! Trump!!! very good order...totally pleased=d with perchance and service and with delivery  Good product , looks as pictured xl fit as expected Very soft material, and did not shrink! Love this shirt. #makeamericagreatagain Great shirt! Bought it for a birthday gift for a Trump supporter, loved it.... The cotton is nice and soft and the print is just as shown in the picture . Awsome! High quality and I got the dark green for the military! Trump2016! for 9 bucks its a t-shirt...  It did fit as expected.  It arrived on time. Just fine Fits as expected , shirt looks great. Would order from this company again Best shirt ever, believe me.  Dirty looks aside, I am proud to wear this! its a christmas gift - he takes extra large so i am assuming it will fit  Nice shirt! And it fits great. I where 2x and any more 2x is like a 1xl. Great shirt,,,high quality,,,fits perfect....want to get another one!!! Fits as I expected, great material. Love it and can't beat the price. Great shirt!  Nice material.  Is not thin weight.  Good color and fit Very nice shirt. Good quality. Good value. Looks great, feels great. Nice quality t-shirt and printing.  But the best part about it is the message and the person behind it.  If Trump isn't elected, this country will fundamentally change and go in a direction away from what made this country GREAT in the first place the Constitution!  The only way to stop that from happening is to get out and VOTE!I approve this message Love it! Loved it Shirt was delivered as expected. Fitment is correct. Priced right! Nice shirt. Perfect fit. Not heavy cotton. Good print.  I love it.  Great shirt. Great quality. No problems. Make America Great Again Love it and I'm not ashamed to wear it !!!! I'm a female and I'm all for Trump because I'm not a sensitive feminist 🇺🇸💪🏼 I am an ignorant white trash red neck and this t-shirt fits me perfectly! This was a gag gift for my brother and it fit perfectly and he loved it! MAGA!!! Perfect Love this shirt!! I wore it in the July 4th trump parade! Just as described. Timely arrived. Would purchase again. This was for my son and he likes it. Quick shipping too. Good quality.  Good price.  On time delivery.  Thanks.  This is the sexiest short I could have ever asked for! it is great!! told my friends and they order as well! To those that write they bought the shirt to burn clearly represent the "other party". Spending your money In such a wasteful manner...real smart. perfectly fit as expected. made of premium material Good quality shirt. Well printed. Great price, too. Loved it. Purchased for my teenage so who loves it seems a bit small. nice quality shirt, otherwise. Awesome shirt, hope he wins! Super fast shipping! Fits perfect and soft! Make America  great again! Nice, vibrantly colored and basic heavy tshirt.  